Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Aatrox View in 3D 880 / 12-Jun-2013 Justicar Aatrox View in 3D 975 / 12-Jun-2013 Mecha Aatrox View in 3D 1350 / 23-Jul-2014 Sea Hunter Aatrox View in 3D 750 / 22-Jul-2015 Blood Moon Aatrox View in 3D 1350 / 10-Jan-2019 Odyssey Aatrox View in 3D 1350 / 15-Oct-2020 Lunar Eclipse Aatrox View in 3D 1350 / 28-Apr-2022 Lunar Eclipse Aatrox Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Turquoise Mecha Aatrox Chromas Obsidian Pearl Tanzanite Odyssey Aatrox Chromas Citrine Emerald Merc Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Legacy Vault DRX Aatrox View in 3D 1350 / 01-Jun-2023 DRX Aatrox Chromas Elite Rare & Limited Prestige Blood Moon Aatrox View in 3D Special / 10-Jan-2019 Victorious Aatrox View in 3D Special / 21-Nov-2019 Prestige Blood Moon Aatrox (2022) View in 3D Special / 01-Apr-2022 Prestige DRX Aatrox View in 3D Special / 01-Jun-2023 Victorious Aatrox Chromas Amber Screenshots [ ] Classic Aatrox (Old) Justicar Aatrox (Old) Sea Hunter Aatrox (Old) Classic Aatrox (Full Relaunch) Victorious Aatrox Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Chains Yanked Champions pulled with Infernal Chains (W) QQ's Sweet spot hits on champions with The Darkin Blade (Q) Worlds Ended Champions killed during World Ender (R) Blood Well Healing from champions with Deathbringer Stance (P) and Umbral Dash (EP) Bloodthirsty General Sweetspot hits on champions after using Umbral Dash (E) to reposition during The Darkin Blade (Q) Duck and Slip Skillshots dodged with Umbral Dash (E) Trivia [ ] Original Aatrox He was partially inspired by the Balrog and Sauron (both from The Lord of the Rings by J. R. R. Tolkien . His appearance was inspired by Amon from the manga and anime series Devilman . The method in which Darkin possess human bodies is similar to how Demons possess humans in Devilman. Humans in both instances can also overpower the demon/darkin and use their power as their own. Original Aatrox His blade references the Soul Reaver from Legacy of Kain and/or the Stormbringer from Elric of Melniboné by Michael Moorcock . Blood Thirst's charged sound effect references the Spirit Reaver from Legacy of Kain: Defiance . Justicar Aatrox This skin shares the Justicar theme with: Justicar Syndra This is him depicted as a hero by the people he fought with and rescued from impending defeat. Derived from Original Aatrox lore . Mecha Aatrox Chromas: Obsidian,  Pearl,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Mecha theme with: Mecha Aurelion Sol Mecha Kha'Zix Mecha Malphite Mecha Rengar Mecha Zero Sion He is referencing Gipsy Danger from Pacific Rim . Him being designated 'Prototype 13' might be referencing Evangelion 13 from Neon Genesis Evangelion . Rumble can be seen in the foreground (possibly his creator). During his Recall , he transforms into a jet aircraft that references Thundercracker and/or Starscream from Transformers . Sea Hunter Aatrox This skin shares the Bilgewater: Burning Tides theme with: Bilgewater Katarina Buccaneer Tristana Captain Gangplank Captain Fortune Cutpurse Twisted Fate ...and others Cutthroat Graves Fiddle Me Timbers Kingpin Twitch Pirate Ryze Rogue Admiral Garen His head references a hammerhead shark . He resembles Maccus from Pirates of the Caribbean . The wooden gate in the old splash art that he and the others were surrounding was the one containing Ironside Malphite before his release. Blood Moon Aatrox This skin shares the Blood Moon theme with: Blood Moon Akali Blood Moon Diana Blood Moon Evelynn Blood Moon Katarina Blood Moon Pyke ...and others Blood Moon Shen Blood Moon Sivir Blood Moon Thresh Blood Moon Tryndamere Blood Moon Zilean The mask he is wearing references the ones used in Japanese Noh theater. Prestige Blood Moon Aatrox This skin shares the Blood Moon theme with: Blood Moon Akali Blood Moon Diana Blood Moon Evelynn Blood Moon Katarina Blood Moon Pyke ...and others Blood Moon Shen Blood Moon Sivir Blood Moon Thresh Blood Moon Tryndamere Blood Moon Zilean The mask he is wearing references the ones used in Japanese Noh theater. Victorious Aatrox Chromas: Amber This skin shares the Victorious theme with: Victorious Blitzcrank Victorious Elise Victorious Graves Victorious Janna Victorious Jarvan IV ...and others Victorious Maokai Victorious Orianna Victorious Sejuani Victorious Sivir Victorious Tryndamere He was unlocked by players who achieved Gold+ in Season 9 (2019) . Odyssey Aatrox Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Merc,  Rainbow,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the Odyssey theme with: Galaxy Slayer Zed Odyssey Jinx Odyssey Karma Odyssey Kayn Odyssey Kha'Zix ...and others Odyssey Sivir Odyssey Sona Odyssey Twisted Fate Odyssey Yasuo Odyssey Ziggs Prestige Blood Moon Aatrox (2022) This skin shares the Blood Moon theme with: Blood Moon Akali Blood Moon Diana Blood Moon Evelynn Blood Moon Katarina Blood Moon Pyke ...and others Blood Moon Shen Blood Moon Sivir Blood Moon Thresh Blood Moon Tryndamere Blood Moon Zilean The mask he is wearing references the ones used in Japanese Noh theater. Lunar Eclipse Aatrox Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Rainbow,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Eclipse theme with: Lunar Eclipse Leona Lunar Eclipse Senna Prestige Lunar Eclipse Senna Solar Eclipse Leona Solar Eclipse Sejuani Solar Eclipse Sivir Sun-Eater Kayle DRX Aatrox Chromas: Elite This skin shares the World Champions: 2022 theme with: DRX Akali DRX Ashe DRX Caitlyn DRX Kindred DRX Maokai Prestige DRX Aatrox He was released in celebration of DRX winning the Season 2022 World Championship along with: DRX Akali DRX Ashe DRX Caitlyn DRX Kindred DRX Maokai He represents Kingen . Prestige DRX Aatrox This skin shares the World Champions: 2022 theme with: DRX Aatrox DRX Akali DRX Ashe DRX Caitlyn DRX Kindred DRX Maokai References [ ]