"Hmm... let me fix that." This article or section is substantially or structurally incomplete. You can help the League of Legends Wiki by expanding it. For more projects, see the Community To Do List . This article was last edited by Steveneven3 on 17-Sep-2023 21:36 . Ability resources are tangible resources that can limit or empower a champion's gameplay in various ways by consuming or generating them with actions such as casting abilities or basic attacking. Each champion is limited to a maximum of two, a primary and a secondary, and are usually displayed on their health bar with an additional bar or as pips (See Health bar ) . This page provides a compilation of all resources and other related matter. For more details, visit the respective pages that are linked. Contents 1 Manaless 2 Resourceless 3 Health 4 Mana 5 Energy 6 Fury 6.1 Battle Fury 6.2 Dragon Fury 6.3 Rage 7 "Gnar Fury" 7.1 Fury 7.2 Rage 7.3 Grit 7.4 Courage 7.5 Crimson Rush 8 Shield 9 Heat 10 Style 11 Ferocity 12 Blood Well 13 Flow 14 Moonlight 15 Ammo 16 Other 17 Data (Engine) 17.1 Table of All Resources 17.2 Data Variables Manaless [ ] Manaless champions do not utilize mana to expend their resources, if any. There are 25 champions that are manaless: Aatrox Akali Dr. Mundo Garen Gnar Katarina Kennen Kled Lee Sin Mordekaiser Rek'Sai Renekton Rengar Riven Rumble Sett Shen Shyvana Tryndamere Viego Vladimir Yasuo Yone Zac Zed Resourceless [ ] Resourceless champions do not utilize any resources. There are only 6 champions that are resourceless: Dr. Mundo Garen Katarina Riven Viego Zac Champions such as Aatrox and Yone are practically resourceless because their resources are not impactful to their gameplay. Health [ ] Main article: Health as a casting resource Health, although not an ability resource directly, can be used as a casting resource. This resource is used by a select few of champions. See the main article for further detail. Mana [ ] Main article: Mana Mana is the most common form of ability resource, and is usually expended through ability casts. It is designed to be a gating mechanic, meaning champions cannot cast their abilities too often without running out of mana, especially when their mana costs are high and/or cooldowns are low. Its regeneration rate is low and has a limited pool in abscence of bonus mana or mana regeneration obtained through growth and various other effects. This resource is used by almost all champions. Energy [ ] Main article: Energy Energy is an ability resource used in place of mana. It is also used as a gating mechanic. In contrast to mana, its regeneration rate is much higher and its pool cannot be improved. As a consequence, casting too many abilities at the same time will deplete energy quickly, leaving the user unable to cast again for a period of time while it regenerates. There are 5 champions that utilize energy as a resource: Akali Kennen Lee Sin Shen Zed Fury [ ] Fury is a term used to refer to a multitude of resources that are otherwise telegraphed as so in the game, though each one is unique internally. These resources function similarly to one another; their pools must be generated first, compared to mana and energy which have a base quantity. It represents momentum and encourages sustained aggression from users, often gating a power-spike or empowerment. Its generation varies between users, but is always generated in-combat and usually decays when out of combat. Battle Fury [ ] See: Tryndamere Tryndamere generates fury with his basic attacks and some of his abilities. It grants him critical strike chance and he may consume it to increase Bloodlust's healing. Dragon Fury [ ] See: Shyvana Shyvana generates fury naturally and with her basic attacks. With enough fury, she may cast Dragon's Descent at the cost of depleting all of her fury overtime. Rage [ ] See: Renekton Renekton generates fury upon landing basic attacks and hitting abilities. While above the threshold, his next basic ability consumes some fury to gain enhanced effects. "Gnar Fury" [ ] "Gnar Fury" is the internal name for many named resources which have different display names. Although it is similar to regular fury, it is used in more ways than one and is generated from means other than basic attacks and abilities. It rewards its user for consecutive accumulation and expenditure. Fury [ ] See: Rek'Sai Rek'Sai generates fury whenever she deals damage. She can Burrow to consume it for healing , in addition to deal increased damage with her Furious Bite when at maximum. Rage [ ] See: Gnar Gnar generates fury overtime after dealing or taking damage. Upon reaching the maximum, he transforms into Mega Gnar , gaining different abilities as well as the ability to cast his ultimate, and his rage begins to deplete over the duration, transforming back to Mini Gnar when fully depleted. Grit [ ] See: Sett Once Sett has learned Haymaker , he stores a portion of the damage taken as Grit up to a cap, but quickly decays when not damaged. When Haymaker is activated, he consumes all Grit to gain a shield and deal damage based on the Grit consumed. Courage [ ] See: Kled When Skaarl's health drops below 0, he flees from the battlefield, dismounting Kled , who afterwards can restore his courage by performing various actions, such as attacking and taking down enemies. Once fully restored, they remount and a portion of Skaarl's health is restored. Crimson Rush [ ] See: Vladimir Vladimir gains a charge for Crimson Rush over the cooldown of Transfusion . When the second charge is gained, he gains its effect for a short duration, causing his next cast of Transfusion within to be empowered. Shield [ ] See: Mordekaiser Not to be confused with shields Mordekaiser fills up his shield (also known as potential shield ) upon dealing or taking damage, but decays otherwise. When Indestructible is activated, it consumes and converts the resource to gain a shield of equal value. Heat [ ] See: Rumble Rumble generates heat whenever he casts a basic ability, and loses a portion of it overtime after not casting for a period of time. While above the threshold, his basic abilities are empowered. Upon reaching the maximum, he loses it rapidly and his abilities are disabled until fully depleted at the cost of enhancing his basic attacks. Style [ ] See: Samira Samira generates Style whenever she hits a basic attack or ability against a champion different from the previous hit against champions, and loses stacks after not hitting a champion for some time. It is an alternative version of heat used exclusively by her. It grants her progressive bonuses and while at the maximum she gains access to her ultimate. Style is displayed on her health bar with pips and grades from to . Ferocity [ ] See: Rengar Rengar generates Ferocity whenever he casts and uses a basic ability successfully, and loses stacks after being out of combat for some time. While at the maximum, his next basic ability consumes all of it to become empowered. Blood Well [ ] Blood Well is a resource that revolves around draining health to fill it up. Aatrox's usage of blood well became obsolete and only used to indicate the remaining duration of World Ender since V9.14 . Sylas also has blood well , the reasoning being unknown. It is speculated that he has it so he may have the same indicators when using the aforementioned champions' ultimates through Hijack . Flow [ ] Flow is a resource unique to Yasuo and Yone , with each having its own application: Yasuo's Way of the Wanderer generates flow as he moves. When at maximum, it will be consumed and converted to a shield upon taking damage. Yone's flow has no gameplay impact, but instead it represents the remaining duration of Soul Unbound . Moonlight [ ] See: Aphelios Moonlight is a resource used exclusively by Aphelios similar to ammunition for each of his weapons. It is expended whenever he uses a basic attack or casts his unique active ability through his main weapon. Upon expending all of it for any weapon, he places that specific weapon to the reserve. When that weapon is gained again, all of its moonlight is replenished. Ammo [ ] Ammo , or ammunition, is a resource that is required to be consumed by certain actions, limiting its users with its low quantity in exchange of a more powerful effect. Graves' New Destiny : Each basic attack consumes one ammo and he will reload over a few seconds immediately after expending all or when withholding leftover ammo for a while. For Graves , it's displayed as shells. Gwen's Snip Snip! : Consumes ammo during its cast time, increasing the number of snips for each consumed. Can be filled up with basic attacks but not required to have any to cast. Jhin's Whisper : Each basic attack consumes one ammo and he will reload over a few seconds immediately after expending all or when withholding leftover ammo for a while. Xayah's Clean Cuts : Each basic attack consumes one ammo if any present, sending out a powerful feather that penetrates through enemies. If there is no ammo , then she uses her normal basic attacks. Can be filled up with ability casts. For Xayah, it's displayed as feathers. In some cases however, champions may use ammo for visual indicators, having no direct gameplay impact but giving improved clarity. Annie's Pyromania : Indicates when the stun is ready. Pantheon's Mortal Will : Indicates when the empowered ability is ready. Ryze's Overload : Indicates the amount of Runes. Seraphine's Stage Presence : Indicates when the double cast is ready. Sona's Power Chord : Indicates when the empowered attack is ready. Only visible to Sona. Other [ ] Other is a jack-of-all-trades resource that has an untapped potential usage. To date, it's only used for visual indicators, similar to some of ammo users, with one expection. Champions that use other for indicators: Corki's Missile Barrage : Indicates the amount of rockets stocked. Irelia's Ionian Fervor : Indicates the amount of stacks. Mordekaiser's Darkness Rise : Indicates the amount of hits for activation. Only visible to Mordekaiser. The exceptional case: Kled's Skaarl the Cowardly Lizard : Skaarl's health is an other resource that is also considered as Kled's bonus health . Data (Engine) [ ] Table of All Resources [ ] Index Internal Name Display Name User(s) 0 mana Mana Most champions. 1 energy Energy Akali , Kennen , Lee Sin , Shen , Zed 2 none N/A Riven , Viego 3 shield Shield Exclusive to Mordekaiser 4 battlefury Fury Exclusive to Tryndamere 5 dragonfury Fury Exclusive to Shyvana 6 rage Fury Exclusive to Renekton 7 heat Heat Rumble Grade Samira 8 gnarfury Rage Gnar Fury Rek'Sai Grit Sett Courage Kled Crimson Rush Vladimir 9 ferocity Ferocity Exclusive to Rengar 10 bloodwell Blood Well Aatrox , Swain , Sylas 11 wind Flow Yasuo , Yone 12 ammo Varied Annie , Graves , Gwen , Jhin , Pantheon , Ryze , Seraphine , Sona , Xayah 13 moonlight Moonlight Exclusive to Aphelios 14 other Varied Corki , Irelia , Kled , Mordekaiser Data Variables [ ] "Hmm... let me fix that." This article or section is substantially or structurally incomplete. You can help the League of Legends Wiki by expanding it. For more projects, see the Community To Do List . This article was last edited by Steveneven3 on 17-Sep-2023 21:36 . Gameplay Elements Targeting Types Auto ( Passive · Self ) · Direction · Location · Unit · Proximity · Vector ( Collision · Radius ) Unit types Champion · Minion · Monster · Pets · Structures ( Turret · Inhibitor · Nexus ) Effect types Ability effects · Attack effects ( On-hit ) · Area of effect · Damage over time · Heal · Multi-hit · Redirected damage · Shield · Single-targeted Ability types Attached · Aura · Blink · Buff · Channel · Combat status · Crowd control · Damage ( Ability · Basic · Magic · Physical · True · Nexus Obelisk · Execution ) · Dash · Debuff · Invulnerability · Pet · Projectile · Sight · Spell shield · Stealth · Tether · Untargetability · Ward