Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Ahri View in 3D 880 / 14-Dec-2011 Dynasty Ahri View in 3D 975 / 14-Dec-2011 Midnight Ahri View in 3D 750 / 14-Dec-2011 Foxfire Ahri View in 3D 975 / 11-Jul-2012 Popstar Ahri View in 3D 975 / 25-Nov-2013 Academy Ahri View in 3D 750 / 26-Aug-2015 Arcade Ahri View in 3D 1350 / 24-Aug-2016 Star Guardian Ahri View in 3D 1820 / 06-Sep-2017 K/DA Ahri View in 3D 1350 / 03-Nov-2018 Elderwood Ahri View in 3D 1350 / 29-Aug-2019 Spirit Blossom Ahri View in 3D 1820 / 06-Aug-2020 K/DA ALL OUT Ahri View in 3D 1350 / 29-Oct-2020 Coven Ahri View in 3D 1350 / 12-Aug-2021 Arcana Ahri View in 3D 1350 / 14-Apr-2022 Snow Moon Ahri View in 3D 1350 / 18-May-2023 Academy Ahri Chromas Ahri-versary Arcade Ahri Chromas Ahri-versary Arcana Ahri Chromas Catseye Emerald Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Coven Ahri Chromas Ahri-versary Catseye Dark Ritual Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Dynasty Ahri Chromas Ahri-versary Elderwood Ahri Chromas Ahri-versary Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Citrine Obsidian Peridot Rose Quartz Ruby Foxfire Ahri Chromas Ahri-versary Emerald K/DA Ahri Chromas Ahri-versary K/DA ALL OUT Ahri Chromas Ahri-versary Amethyst Aquamarine BADDEST Emerald Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Midnight Ahri Chromas Ahri-versary Popstar Ahri Chromas Ahri-versary Amethyst Catseye Citrine Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Snow Moon Ahri Chromas Citrine Emerald Jasper Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Spirit Blossom Ahri Chromas Ahri-versary Aquamarine Night Blossom Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Star Guardian Ahri Chromas Ahri-versary Legacy Vault Challenger Ahri View in 3D 975 / 15-Jan-2015 Challenger Ahri Chromas Ahri-versary Golden Rare & Limited Prestige K/DA Ahri View in 3D Special / 07-Mar-2019 Prestige K/DA Ahri (2022) View in 3D Special / 01-Apr-2022 Screenshots [ ] Foxfire Ahri (Old) Popstar Ahri (Old) Challenger Ahri (Old) Academy Ahri (Old) Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Fatal Flirtations Charms (E) leading to kills on champions within 5s LDR Distance travelled with Spirit Rush (R) On the Rebound Orbs of Deception (Q) that deal both Magic and True damage to the same champion Fox Inferno Fox-fire (W) casts that all hit champions Love At First Sight Champions Charmed (E) within 1.5s of a Spirit Rush (R) dash or Ahri's Flash (D/F) Too Hot To Land-One Skillshots dodged with Spirit Rush (R) or after casting Fox-fire (W) Trivia [ ] All of her skins up to Coven (except for her prestige K/DA skin ) received a special Ahri-versary chroma to celebrate hers and the Korean server's 10th anniversary. Original Ahri She was inspired by the Kumiho from Korean mythology , further the mythical Chinese nine-tailed fox . [1] Her eyes are yellow-brown both in artwork and in-game but blue in ' A New Dawn '. Her orb depicts a fox in her splash art. Dynasty Ahri Chromas: Ahri-versary This skin shares the Wonders of the World theme with: Bear Cavalry Sejuani Masked Shaco Oktoberfest Gragas Outback Renekton Panda Teemo ...and others Sultan Tryndamere Uncle Ryze Viking Tryndamere Vizier Malzahar Winged Hussar Xin Zhao Her outfit references a Hanbok . She performs a traditional Korean dance . Dynasty Ahri Her splash art was updated to celebrate hers and the Korean server's 10th anniversary. Dynasty Ahri The face in her splash art was changed to unify all of her splashes. Midnight Ahri Chromas: Ahri-versary This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali Midnight Ahri The face in her splash art was changed to unify all of her splashes. Foxfire Ahri Chromas: Ahri-versary,  Emerald This skin shares the Infernal theme with: Charred Maokai Firefang Warwick Infernal Akali Infernal Alistar Infernal Amumu ...and others Infernal Diana Infernal Shen Scorched Earth Renekton Scorched Earth Xerath Wildfire Zyra She references Firefox , a web browser by the Mozilla Foundation . Infernal Shen can be seen in her splash art. The pyromancers fighting alongside Ahri in her artwork wear masks resembling Shadowfire Kindred . Foxfire Ahri A new texture for her Ahri-Versary chroma was accidentally pushed to the PBE before her ASU. This has also happened with Dragonslayer Pantheon and Black Belt Udyr . Popstar Ahri Chromas: Ahri-versary,  Amethyst,  Catseye,  Citrine,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby She is shown autographing a poster of her old splash art . She references Girls' Generation . She was conceived as 'Generation Ahri'. Her dance and Recall reference Genie by Girls' Generation. A side-by-side comparison can be seen here and here respectively. She was released the same day as My oh My. The Blue Sentinel will dance if she does so near him. Popstar Ahri Before her ASU, she had her own voice-over only in the Korean localization. Challenger Ahri Chromas: Ahri-versary,  Golden This skin shares the Challenger theme with: Challenger Nidalee She used to be called 'Dauntless Ahri'. Her orb depicts a fox in her splash art similar to the one in Original Ahri . She was released in celebration of the start of Season 2015 . Academy Ahri Chromas: Ahri-versary This skin shares the Academy theme with: Academy Darius Academy Ekko Academy Vladimir Headmistress Fiora Professor Ryze Her outfit references South Korean schoolgirl uniforms. The group is in classroom 1337, which references Leetspeak . Arcade Ahri Chromas: Ahri-versary This skin shares the Arcade: Heroes theme with: Arcade Caitlyn Arcade Corki Arcade Ezreal Arcade Hecarim Arcade Kai'Sa ...and others Arcade Miss Fortune Arcade Riven Arcade Sona Prestige Arcade Caitlyn Prestige Arcade Caitlyn (2022) Her tails constantly cycle through different colors (even after dying). She has her own login screen (the music will play while she dances). Her login is a remix of Bit Rush. The splash art background references Super Mario Bros. Red minions can be seen in the background. Final Boss Veigar 's head can be seen on the HUD. A controller can been seen hovering behind, referencing the Atari CX40 joystick . Star Guardian Ahri Chromas: Ahri-versary This skin shares the Star Guardian Season 2 theme with: Pajama Guardian Ezreal Pajama Guardian Miss Fortune Pajama Guardian Soraka Prestige Star Guardian Soraka Star Guardian Ezreal Star Guardian Miss Fortune Star Guardian Soraka Star Guardian Syndra She leads the second group of Star Guardians consisting of Ezreal , Miss Fortune , Soraka , and Syndra . This is Ahri's first skin without her whiskers both in-game and on splash art. Concept artist Zeronis stated it was a tough decision to remove them, but they felt it would help to make the thematic and her aesthetic to be stronger and powerful. The new model also lacks of a traditional joke animation and fixes her tails joint. The concept art for this skin was leaked prior to her release. She references the magical girl genre of anime . The star effects reference Sakura Kinomoto from Cardcaptor Sakura . Ahri enters her transformation phase when having Spirit Rush charges. Her recalling references the many transformation sequences from this genre, such as the Sailor Moon and Is This a Zombie? sequences. Kiko, Ahri's new familiar spirit, floats over her hand instead of her default orb . Kiko is the embodiment of her charming and sassy personality. They may be named after Bloom's bunny pet, Kiko , from the Winx Club series. Her voice-over was inspired by the queen bee and popular girl stereotypes. Her laugh is a direct reference to the famous stereotypical Noblewoman laugh , generally used by people who are arrogant and show signs of superiority towards others. Ahri turned unfriendly and cold after losing her teammates from a former team in battle. She keeps three star gemstones belonging to those deceased Guardians; yellow, mint, and blue. They appear surrounding Kiko, whenever she uses her Fox-Fire and during her death animation. These correspond to Neeko , Xayah , and Rakan , respectively. Her dance references “ Magical Girl ” by Orange Caramel , as well as “ Cheer Up ” and “ Signal ” by Twice . A side-by-side comparison can be seen here. K/DA Ahri Chromas: Ahri-versary This skin shares the K/DA theme with: K/DA Akali K/DA Evelynn K/DA Kai'Sa K/DA ALL OUT Akali K/DA ALL OUT Kai'Sa ...and others Prestige K/DA Akali Prestige K/DA Kai'Sa Prestige K/DA Akali (2022) Prestige K/DA Kai'Sa (2022) Prestige K/DA ALL OUT Kai'Sa Miyeon of (G)I-IDLE sings for her in POP/STARS . This is Ahri five years after her debut as a popstar . Clothing for Popstar Ahri and Star Guardian Ahri can be seen inside a basket in the laundry room during the music video . Prestige K/DA Ahri This skin shares the K/DA theme with: K/DA Akali K/DA Evelynn K/DA Kai'Sa K/DA ALL OUT Akali K/DA ALL OUT Kai'Sa ...and others Prestige K/DA Akali Prestige K/DA Kai'Sa Prestige K/DA Akali (2022) Prestige K/DA Kai'Sa (2022) Prestige K/DA ALL OUT Kai'Sa This Prestige skin was released in patch 9.5 after the initial K/DA release due to K/DA Ahri's rising popularity. Elderwood Ahri Chromas: Ahri-versary,  Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Citrine,  Obsidian,  Peridot,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Elderwood theme with: Elderwood Azir Elderwood Bard Elderwood Hecarim Elderwood LeBlanc Elderwood Rek'Sai ...and others Elderwood Wukong Elderwood Xayah Emerald Taric Old God Ivern Old God Warwick She is perched on Elderwood Hecarim's head in her splash art. This is Ahri's first skin to not have her traditional fox ears, they are instead replaced by horns. Spirit Blossom Ahri Chromas: Ahri-versary,  Aquamarine,  Night Blossom,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz This skin shares the Spirit Blossom theme with: Prestige Spirit Blossom Teemo Spirit Blossom Aphelios Spirit Blossom Darius Spirit Blossom Evelynn Spirit Blossom Kindred ...and others Spirit Blossom Sett Spirit Blossom Teemo Spirit Blossom Thresh Spirit Blossom Yone Spirit Blossom Yorick The skin represents the Gatekeeper , a benevolent spirit that guides souls to a peaceful afterlife in Ionian myth. She represents the Spirit of Salvation in the Spirit Blossom festival. Her kimono is supposed to be wrapped right side over left side as in Japan it is believed that only the dead wrap right over left; however, several artworks depict her wearing it the "alive" way. [2] She transforms into a fox during homeguard animations, joke animations, recall animations and when dashing with Spirit Rush . She enters her feral form during taunt animations and when having Spirit Rush charges available. This the first skin to not have the bundle exclusive Ruby chroma. Instead her Rose Quartz chroma is bundle exclusive. K/DA ALL OUT Ahri Chromas: Ahri-versary,  Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  BADDEST,  Emerald,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Tanzanite This skin shares the K/DA theme with: K/DA Akali K/DA Evelynn K/DA Kai'Sa K/DA ALL OUT Akali K/DA ALL OUT Kai'Sa ...and others Prestige K/DA Akali Prestige K/DA Kai'Sa Prestige K/DA Akali (2022) Prestige K/DA Kai'Sa (2022) Prestige K/DA ALL OUT Kai'Sa Alongside the other members, her BADDEST chroma is based on her concept art for the release of the same song . Coven Ahri Chromas: Ahri-versary,  Catseye,  Dark Ritual,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Coven theme with: Coven Akali Coven Camille Coven Evelynn Coven LeBlanc Coven Zyra ...and others Old God Ivern Old God Warwick Prestige Coven Akali Prestige Coven LeBlanc Prestige Coven Zyra It is implied/speculated that she was previously Elderwood Ahri before becoming corrupted. Prestige K/DA Ahri (2022) This skin shares the K/DA theme with: K/DA Akali K/DA Evelynn K/DA Kai'Sa K/DA ALL OUT Akali K/DA ALL OUT Kai'Sa ...and others Prestige K/DA Akali Prestige K/DA Kai'Sa Prestige K/DA Akali (2022) Prestige K/DA Kai'Sa (2022) Prestige K/DA ALL OUT Kai'Sa Arcana Ahri Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Arcana theme with: Arcana Camille Arcana Hecarim Arcana Lucian Arcana Rakan Arcana Ryze Arcana Tahm Kench Arcana Xayah Arcana Xerath Snow Moon Ahri Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Jasper,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Snow Moon theme with: Snow Moon Caitlyn Snow Moon Illaoi Snow Moon Kayn Snow Moon Morgana Snow Moon Varus References [ ] ↑ 山海經 Classic of Mountains & Seas , Ch. 1 ↑ Spirit Blossom Ahri's kimono