Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Alistar View in 3D 585 / 21-Feb-2009 Golden Alistar View in 3D 390 / 13-Jan-2010 Infernal Alistar View in 3D 975 / 13-Jul-2012 Marauder Alistar View in 3D 750 / 30-Sep-2015 Moo Cow Alistar View in 3D 975 / 29-Mar-2017 Blackfrost Alistar View in 3D 1350 / 05-Mar-2020 Blackfrost Alistar Chromas Amethyst Emerald Obsidian Pearl Ruby Turquoise Moo Cow Alistar Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Citrine Jasper Peridot Rose Quartz Sapphire Legacy Vault Matador Alistar View in 3D 975 / 11-May-2010 Longhorn Alistar View in 3D 520 / 16-Feb-2011 Sweeper Alistar View in 3D 750 / 18-Jun-2014 SKT T1 Alistar View in 3D 975 / 17-Aug-2016 Conqueror Alistar View in 3D 975 / 30-Apr-2019 Lunar Beast Alistar View in 3D 1350 / 04-Feb-2021 Conqueror Alistar Chromas Golden Lunar Beast Alistar Chromas Amethyst Catseye Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Vitality Rare & Limited Black Alistar View in 3D Special / 13-Jun-2009 Unchained Alistar View in 3D Special / 22-Sep-2011 Hextech Alistar View in 3D Special / 26-Mar-2018 Screenshots [ ] Infernal Alistar Sweeper Alistar Classic Alistar (Visual Update) Marauder Alistar Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 By the Horns Takedowns within 5s of Headbutting (W) a champion Indomita-bull Damage mitigated with Unbreakable Will (R) Matador Champions stunned with Trample (E) Shout It Out Healing from Triumphant Roar (P) The Combo Champions knocked up with Pulverize (Q) immediately after a Headbutt (W) charge Unstoppa-Bull Disables removed with Unbreakable Will (R) Trivia [ ] Original Alistar The scene depicted has him having broken free from his chains with his Unbreakable Will and trampling the vicinity. In his old Chinese artwork , Alistar had four fingers despite his model only having three. It also shows him having three knuckles (suggesting four fingers) in the first splash art for his Classic , Black and Golden skins. This is corrected in the Matador , Unchained , Longhorn and Chinese Golden art . In early 2012, Alistar's NA Classic artwork was replaced with the Chinese one , together with Fiddlesticks , Galio , and Malzahar . These were the first in a long line of many champions to get new art on future patches. However, Alistar's is recolored a bit . His very first splash art was directly tweaked for the first splash arts of his Black and Golden skins. Black Alistar This skin shares the Collector's Edition theme with: Silver Kayle Young Ryze Going by release date , this skin is the first non-Classic/Original champion skin ever released in League of Legends, being released on the 13th of June, 2009. As one of the four Collector's Edition skins, he was only be obtainable through digital or retail Collector's Edition packs. [1] He himself was obtainable through pre-ordering the Retail Collector's Edition pack. The others are: Goth Annie ( Digital Collector's Pack ) Silver Kayle ( Retail Collector's Edition ) Young Ryze (Pre-ordered Retail Collector's Edition ) Matador Alistar This skin shares the Day Job theme with: Almost-Prom King Amumu Boom Boom Blitzcrank Corporate Mundo Fisherman Fizz French Maid Nidalee ...and others Jurassic Cho'Gath Prestigious LeBlanc Primetime Draven Prom Queen Annie Scuba Gragas He references a bullfighter and Ferdinand the Bull . Longhorn Alistar This skin shares the High Noon theme with: Bandito Fiddlesticks Cowgirl Miss Fortune High Noon Darius High Noon Hecarim High Noon Leona ...and others High Noon Senna High Noon Thresh High Noon Twitch Sandscourge Skarner Sheriff Caitlyn He may be referencing Cowboys of Moo Mesa . There used to be a bug that made Longhorn's texture turn all blue but was later fixed. Golden Alistar This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali He is among the only three skins priced at 390 , making them the cheapest ones available (excluding sales and giveaways/promotions). The others are: Assassin Master Yi White Mage Veigar This skin may be referencing the Biblical golden calf . Unchained Alistar This skin shares the Chronicle theme with: Shurima Desert Zilean Viscero Xin Zhao From September 23, 2011 to August 1, 2018, he could be obtained for free by visiting this page (EU Server ) or this page (NA Server), and then subscribing to the Riot Games YouTube Channel . If you did not own Alistar, he would have been given to you for free along with the skin. He was one of the three skins obtainable for free by following League of Legends ' or Riot Games ' social media platforms. The others were: Dreadknight Garen Riot Girl Tristana Infernal Alistar This skin shares the Infernal theme with: Charred Maokai Firefang Warwick Infernal Akali Infernal Amumu Infernal Diana ...and others Infernal Shen Scorched Earth Renekton Scorched Earth Xerath Volcanic Wukong Wildfire Zyra Sweeper Alistar This skin shares the Soccer Cup theme with: All-star Akali Goalkeeper Blitzcrank Goalkeeper Maokai Playmaker Lee Sin Red Card Katarina ...and others Red Card Twisted Fate Striker Ezreal Striker Lucian Superfan Gragas Sweeper Rammus He was released in celebration of the 2014 FIFA World Cup along with: Superfan Gragas Striker Lucian Goalkeeper Maokai Red Card Twisted Fate He is a soccer player in the sweeper position. Marauder Alistar This skin shares the Marauder theme with: Marauder Ashe Marauder Kalista Marauder Kled Marauder Olaf Marauder Warwick Marauder Xin Zhao He might be referencing the Magelord side of Summoner's Rift . He and Marauder Olaf are fighting Warden Jax and Warden Karma . SKT T1 Alistar This skin shares the World Champions: 2015 theme with: SKT T1 Azir SKT T1 Elise SKT T1 Kalista SKT T1 Renekton SKT T1 Ryze He was released in celebration of SKT T1 winning the Season 5 World Championship along with: SKT T1 Azir SKT T1 Elise SKT T1 Kalista SKT T1 Renekton SKT T1 Ryze He represents Wolf and is the first World Championship victory skin for him. It is later succeeded by SKT T1 Nami . Moo Cow Alistar Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Citrine,  Jasper,  Peridot,  Rose Quartz,  Sapphire This skin shares the Toy Box theme with: Dino Gnar Grungy Nunu & Willump Pug'Maw Ragdoll Poppy Renektoy Sewn Chaos Orianna Toy Soldier Gangplank He was released in celebration of April Fools' Day 2017 along with: Super Kennen Pug'Maw Renektoy Pug'Maw is chasing him and the others. Alongside Meowkai , his onesie has a different Emoji on each of his chromas. He has a cow logo on his milk bottle; however, that logo is replaced on three of his chromas. His Catseye chroma has a peeled banana. His Jasper chromas has a chocolate bar. His Rose Quartz chroma has a strawberry. Three of Meowkai's saplings are also seen during his Recall animation. This skin's Dance emote references the " Recording Session " skit (More Cowbell ) from Saturday Night Live . He is wearing a cow onesie . Hextech Alistar This skin shares the Hextech theme with: Hextech Amumu Hextech Annie Hextech Jarvan IV Hextech Kassadin Hextech Malzahar ...and others Hextech Poppy Hextech Renekton Hextech Sejuani Hextech Singed Hextech Ziggs Conqueror Alistar Chromas: Golden This skin shares the Conqueror theme with: Conqueror Jax Conqueror Karma Conqueror Nautilus Conqueror Varus Prestige Conqueror Jax He was released in celebration of the 2019 Mid-Season Invitational. This skin is heavily based on modern depictions of the Norse God Odin , such as Marvel's character Odin . Blackfrost Alistar Chromas: Amethyst,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Ruby,  Turquoise This skin shares the Blackfrost theme with: Blackfrost Anivia Blackfrost Rek'Sai Blackfrost Renekton Blackfrost Sion Blackfrost Vel'Koz Ice Drake Shyvana He shares his splash art with Blackfrost Renekton . Blackfrost Anivia and Blackfrost Rek'Sai can be seen in the background of their splash art. Lunar Beast Alistar Chromas: Amethyst,  Catseye,  Obsidian,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Vitality This skin shares the Lunar Beast theme with: Lunar Beast Annie Lunar Beast Aphelios Lunar Beast Darius Lunar Beast Fiora Lunar Beast Jarvan IV Lunar Beast Viego Prestige Lunar Beast Fiora He was released in celebration of Lunar Revel 2021 (Year of the Ox) along with: Lunar Beast Annie Lunar Beast Aphelios Lunar Beast Darius Lunar Beast Fiora Prestige Lunar Beast Fiora Lunar Beast Jarvan IV Lunar Beast Viego References [ ] ↑ Guide to Legacy and Limited Skins