Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Amumu View in 3D 260 / 25-Jun-2009 Emumu View in 3D 520 / 01-Aug-2010 Little Knight Amumu View in 3D 750 / 18-Jul-2011 Sad Robot Amumu View in 3D 1350 / 28-May-2012 Surprise Party Amumu View in 3D 1350 / 31-Mar-2015 Infernal Amumu View in 3D 1350 / 16-Oct-2018 Porcelain Amumu View in 3D 1350 / 26-Jan-2022 Heartache Amumu View in 3D 1350 / 10-Feb-2023 Heartache Amumu Chromas Amethyst Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Turquoise Infernal Amumu Chromas Amethyst Catseye Emerald Rose Quartz Ruby Porcelain Amumu Chromas Aquamarine Catseye Emerald Golden Tiger Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Surprise Party Amumu Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Citrine Pearl Rainbow Ruby Sapphire Legacy Vault Pharaoh Amumu View in 3D 520 / 02-Feb-2010 Vancouver Amumu View in 3D 520 / 12-Feb-2010 Re-Gifted Amumu View in 3D 520 / 14-Dec-2010 Almost-Prom King Amumu View in 3D 520 / 07-Feb-2011 Pumpkin Prince Amumu View in 3D 1350 / 22-Oct-2020 Pumpkin Prince Amumu Chromas Aquamarine Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sandstone Turquoise Rare & Limited Hextech Amumu View in 3D Special / 26-Sep-2019 Canceled Sewn Chaos Amumu 750 / N/A Screenshots [ ] Sad Robot Amumu Surprise Party Amumu Infernal Amumu Classic Amumu (Visual VFX Update) Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Found Friends Champions hit with Bandage Toss (Q) at greater than 75% of max range Group Hugs Multiple (2+) champions hit by Curse of the Sad Mummy (R) Hissy Fit Cooldown time reduced on Tantrum (E) from Attacks Forever Alone True damage to champions from all sources with Cursed Touch (P) Support Group Time spent affecting multiple champions with Despair (W) That's My Secret Champion damage mitigated with Tantrum (EP) Trivia [ ] Original Amumu The artwork is used by The Tribunal to indicate an error. The Chinese artwork used to have images of a human couple speculated to be Amumu's parents, but they have since been edited out when the splash art was incorporated for international use. Pharaoh Amumu This skin shares the Pharaoh theme with: Pharaoh Nasus Pharaoh Nidalee Vancouver Amumu This skin shares the Winter Sports theme with: Curling Veigar Festival Kassadin Ice Toboggan Corki Team Spirit Anivia The Mighty Jax Union Jack Fiddlesticks Whistler Village Twitch He was released in celebration of the 2010 Winter Olympics along with: Team Spirit Anivia Ice Toboggan Corki Union Jack Fiddlesticks Festival Kassadin The Mighty Jax Whistler Village Twitch Curling Veigar He is colored with the same colors for the Vancouver Olympics logo, depicting a person posing as if they were on a snowboard. Both heads are colored green, both arms and torso are colored blue, both left legs are colored red, and both right legs colored yellow. The magic circle on beneath him is the same one from Masquerade Evelynn's Chinese artwork. Emumu This skin shares the Goth theme with: Goth Annie Gothic Orianna The skin name is a pun on emo and Amumu alongside being a portmanteau of the two. In the background, a ghost Tristana is playing a guitar and a ghost Poppy is playing the drums. A ghost Teemo can also be seen playing a bass on the full splash art . His old splash art has posters which parody several well-known bands. 'Death Cab for Corki ' for Death Cab for Cutie . 'Cho'Gath Eat World' for Jimmy Eat World (Riot later used the name for a flash mini-game ) 'Anivinescence' for Evanescence . The sad-face poster parodies Nirvana's logo. [1] This skin was given a new splash artwork exclusively for Teamfight Tactics ' Remix Rumble set. Re-Gifted Amumu This skin shares the Snowdown Showdown theme with: Candy Cane Miss Fortune Festive Maokai Happy Elf Teemo Mistletoe LeBlanc Nutcracko ...and others Santa Braum Santa Draven Santa Gragas Snow Bunny Nidalee Workshop Nunu & Willump He was released in celebration of Snowdown Showdown 2010 along with: Santa Gragas Reindeer Kog'Maw Candy Cane Miss Fortune Ragdoll Poppy Nutcracko Silent Night Sona Almost-Prom King Amumu This skin shares the Day Job theme with: Boom Boom Blitzcrank Corporate Mundo Fisherman Fizz French Maid Nidalee Jurassic Cho'Gath ...and others Matador Alistar Prestigious LeBlanc Primetime Draven Prom Queen Annie Scuba Gragas Prom Queen Annie can also be seen in the background of his splash art. Little Knight Amumu This skin shares the Medieval theme with: Blacksmith Poppy King Tryndamere Medieval Twitch Queen Ashe Sir Kled Sorceress Lux White Mage Veigar He references the Arthurian legend The Sword in the Stone . Yet, Amumu breaks the sword instead of removing it from the stone. In his Chinese artwork , Amumu is shown wielding the sword in one piece against the Blood Hunter while protecting a passed-out girl that strongly resemblances Annie . This was Nika 'Nikasaur' Harper's first skin idea. [2] Sad Robot Amumu This skin shares the Mad Scientists theme with: Mad Scientist Singed Mad Scientist Ziggs Time Machine Zilean He might be referencing Marvin the Paranoid Android from The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy . He also strikingly resembles Whatever Happened To Robot Jones's titular character. He might also be referencing Chibi Robo due to the outlet that Amumu drags along. The laugh emote was bugged upon release and could be heard globally by both allies and enemies. [3] The glyphs along the rim of Curse of the Sad Mummy are replaced with various sad face emoticons such as: Dx -_- >:3 </3 :x T_T <:| :( >:E ;-; >;[ Q_Q :\ Ò_Ó etc. Surprise Party Amumu Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Citrine,  Pearl,  Rainbow,  Ruby,  Sapphire This skin shares the Surprise Party theme with: Annie-Versary Surprise Party Fiddlesticks He was released in celebration of April Fools' Day 2015 along with: Urf the Nami-tee Archduke Nasus Order of the Banana Soraka Definitely Not Udyr He got locked out of his own party. Definitely Not Udyr is taking a group selfie , but his smartphone can't detect Amumu. When using Curse of the Sad Mummy , the visual effect will show a smiley or sad face and a high or low pitch party horn will be heard depending on whether enemy champions were caught in range. When recalling , he will hang from a floating balloon resembling Teemo . This balloon is different depending on his equipped Chroma . His Amethyst chroma has a balloon resembling Lulu . His Aquamarine chroma has a balloon resembling a Poro . His Catseye chroma has a balloon resembling Ziggs . His Citrine chroma has a balloon resembling Little Devil Teemo . His Pearl chroma has a balloon resembling Kled . His Rainbow chroma has a balloon resembling Gnar . His Ruby chroma has a balloon resembling Sweetheart Annie's Tibbers doll. His Sapphire chroma has a balloon resembling Fizz . Sewn Chaos Amumu This skin was never released by Riot past the PBE servers due to its low quality. Annie can be seen in the background. Infernal Amumu Chromas: Amethyst,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Infernal theme with: Charred Maokai Firefang Warwick Infernal Akali Infernal Alistar Infernal Diana ...and others Infernal Shen Scorched Earth Renekton Scorched Earth Xerath Volcanic Wukong Wildfire Zyra Hextech Amumu This skin shares the Hextech theme with: Hextech Alistar Hextech Annie Hextech Jarvan IV Hextech Kassadin Hextech Malzahar ...and others Hextech Poppy Hextech Renekton Hextech Sejuani Hextech Singed Hextech Ziggs Hextech Rammus , a Swindler's Orb , an Hextech Chest , a Gemstone , a drawing of Hextech Poppy and a toy based on Original Blitzcrank can be seen in the background of his splash art. Pumpkin Prince Amumu Chromas: Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sandstone,  Turquoise This skin shares the Trick-or-Treat theme with: Count Kassadin Count Kledula FrankenTibbers Annie Haunted Zyra Headless Hecarim ...and others Mundo Mundo Nightmare Tryndamere Ravenborn LeBlanc Trick or Treat Ekko Witch's Brew Blitzcrank Originally he was supposed to share a splash art with Bewitching Elise . Porcelain Amumu Chromas: Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Golden Tiger,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Porcelain theme with: Porcelain Darius Porcelain Darius Porcelain Graves Porcelain Kindred Porcelain Lissandra Porcelain Lux ...and others Porcelain Miss Fortune Porcelain Protector Ezreal Prestige Porcelain Kindred Prestige Porcelain Lissandra Prestige Porcelain Lux Heartache Amumu Chromas: Amethyst,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Turquoise This skin shares the Heartthrobs and Heartaches theme with: Heartache Vi Heartthrob Caitlyn References [ ] ↑ Parodie of Nirvana's logo . ↑ Nika 'Nikasaur' Harper's first skin idea. ↑ LoL Bugs: Sad Robot Amumu's Global Laugh