Anathema's Chains edit "She swore to dedicate her life to his destruction. The gauntlets heard." Stats +20 ability haste +650 health Active Unique – Vow : Curse the target enemy champion, designating them as your Nemesis and granting you 1 stack of Vendetta every 2 seconds over 60 seconds, stacking up to 30 times. These stacks are lost upon selecting a new Nemesis . Cannot be cast for 15 seconds while in combat with enemy champions (90 second cooldown; Global range). Passive Unique – Vendetta : Take 1% reduced damage per stack of Vendetta from your Nemesis , up to 30% damage reduction against them. Unique – Vengeance : At maximum stacks, your Nemesis has 20% reduced tenacity while they are within 700 units of you. Limitations Limited to 1 Anathema's Chains . Recipe + + 800 Cost Sell ID 2500 1750 8001 Availability SR 5v5 HA ARAM Nexus Blitz Arena Menu Tank Supporter Health & Regeneration Ability Haste Anathema's Chains is a legendary item in League of Legends . Recipe Anathema's Chains 2500 ( 800 ) Kindlegem 800 ( 150 ) Ruby Crystal 400 Glowing Mote 250 Giant's Belt 900 ( 500 ) Ruby Crystal 400 Cost Analysis Gold Value 20 ability haste = 1000 650 health = 1733. 33 Total Gold Value = 2733. 33 Gold efficiency Anathema's Chains' base stats are 109. 33 % gold efficient. Similar items Knight's Vow Locket of the Iron Solari Warmog's Armor Zeke's Convergence Heartsteel Notes Vendetta does not affect true damage . Vow is a unit-targeted effect. Vow has no cast time. Vow is not blocked by spell shield . Vow's cast does not break stealth . Vow does not count as a spell activation. Vow cannot be used on a target already designated as the Nemesis . It can be used on a target that is a Nemesis to another user's Vow . Vengeance's tenacity reduction cannot stack with another user's Vengeance . Vengeance's tenacity reduction stacks multiplicatively with Brittle . Applying crowd control to enemy champions or being crowd controlled by them will disable casting Vow for the same period of time as entering combat with them. (bug) Neither entering combat nor crowd control will disable casting Vow before its first cast (when no Nemesis is yet designated). (bug) Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit Unique Passive - Vow: New Effect: Curse the target enemy champion, designating them as your Nemesis . Old Effect: Curse the target enemy champion, designating them as your Nemesis and granting you 1 stack of Vendetta every 2 seconds over 60 seconds, stacking up to 30 times. Unique Passive - Vendetta: New Effect: Take 30% changed damage from your Nemesis . Old Effect: Take 1% changed damage per stack of Vendetta from your Nemesis , up to 30% damage reduction against them. Strategy Designating an effective Nemesis to select with Vow can be determined by the following: An enemy champion that deals a lot of damage in general. An enemy champion that consistently matches you and contests your pushes on the side lane. An enemy champion that is very ahead, or poses a much greater threat than other enemy champions. An enemy champion that is the only reliable source of physical or magical damage on that team. This means you are able to choose them as the Nemesis and itemize against everyone else. An enemy champion that doesn't have Tenacity of their own and is vulnerable to crowd control. Trivia When Vengeance is fully stacked, it will effectively act as a ~1. 43 health multiplier if you are only taking damage (excluding true damage ) from the Nemesis . Anathema as a word comes from common Greek (Ανάθεμα) which means Curse or Excommunication. Media Active VFX Tenacity Reduced indicator Sound Effects Activation Link ▶️ Active SFX Link ▶️ Active SFX Passive Triggered (Aura) Link ▶️ Passive SFX Link ▶️ Passive SFX Link ▶️ Passive SFX 