For the removed Twisted Treeline variant, see Timeworn Ancient Coin . "You belong in a museum!" This article or section may contain obsolete information, but exists here for historical purposes. This item has been removed on patch V9.23 . Ancient Coin edit "Gold dust rises from the desert and clings to the coin." - Historian Shurelya, 11 November, 23 CLE Stats +5% cooldown reduction + 2 per 10 seconds +5 movement speed Passive Unique – Favor : Nearby enemy minions killed by an ally (excluding yourself) will sometimes drop a gold coin that can be picked up to either grant 28 or restore 6% missing mana (minimum 10). Coin can only drop if an allied champion is nearby . Siege minions always drop a coin upon death as long as you did not kill them. Unique – Quest : Earn 500 using this item and upgrade to Nomad's Medallion . Reward: Permanently upgrades Nomad's Medallion to Nomad's Eye and Remnant of the Ascended to Eye of Ascension , giving them the Warding active with respectively 3 and 4 wards in stock. Limitations Limited to 1 Jungle or Gold Income item. Recipe Cost Sell ID 400 160 3301 Availability SR 5v5 Builds into Nomad's Medallion Menu Starter Items>Laning Tools>Gold Income Magic>Cooldown Reduction; Mana Regen Keywords Support Gold Economy Ancient Coin was a starter item in League of Legends . It was exclusive to Classic Summoner's Rift 5v5 . Builds Into Nomad's Medallion Cost Analysis Gold Value 5% cooldown reduction = 133. 33 5 movement speed = 60 Total Gold Value = 193. 33 Gold efficiency Ancient Coin's base stats were 48. 33 % gold efficient. Ancient Coin becomes gold efficient in about 8 gold coins . Without Favor , Ancient Coin becomes gold efficient in 17 minutes and 14 seconds . The Quest goal of 500 can be reached: By waiting 41 minutes 40 seconds . By collecting 18 gold coins . Similar items Relic Shield Spellthief's Edge Notes The quest reward can only be obtained after being out-of-combat for 5 seconds. If the last coin to drop was a gold coin, the next coin will be a mana coin. If the last coin was a mana coin, the next coin will be a gold coin. The coin drop rate starts at 0% and increases by 11. 1 1 % for every minion that dies (regardless of whether it drops a coin or not). When a minion drops a coin (including siege minions) the chance drops by 33. 3 3 %. This value can go below 0%. [1] Because of the way this is done, for every minion wave (with or without siege minion), the average coin drop rate is 2 coins per minion wave . From this, we can determinate the average passive gold value of Favor : 9. 33 per 10 seconds . Strategy Because the Favor passive does not benefit the player who gets the last hit , Ancient Coin is best purchased on supports who plan on spending a lot of time in-lane . Old icons 1st version Trivia The caption author's name references Miyuki 'Shurelia' Mitsuhashi , a former Associate Game Designer at Riot Games Inc. This was added in response to negative feedback that renaming Shurelya's Reverie was an attack on Shurelia's legacy. [2] Relic Shield , Spellthief's Edge , and Ancient Coin are a set of items available since Season Four that were designed for Support . They were themed after locations from Runeterra that all incidentally involve a form of physical transcendence. 