Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Annie View in 3D 260 / 21-Feb-2009 Frostfire Annie View in 3D 975 / 24-May-2011 Reverse Annie View in 3D 975 / 06-Sep-2011 Panda Annie View in 3D 975 / 08-Feb-2013 Super Galaxy Annie View in 3D 1350 / 16-Oct-2017 Cafe Cuties Annie View in 3D 1350 / 02-Dec-2021 Fright Night Annie View in 3D 1350 / 22-Sep-2022 Winterblessed Annie View in 3D 1350 / 06-Dec-2023 Cafe Cuties Annie Chromas Aquamarine Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Fright Night Annie Chromas Aquamarine Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Winterblessed Annie Chromas Aquamarine Catseye Emerald Obsidian Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Wreathguard Legacy Vault Red Riding Annie View in 3D 520 / 27-Apr-2010 Annie in Wonderland View in 3D 1820 / 16-Aug-2010 Prom Queen Annie View in 3D 520 / 07-Feb-2011 FrankenTibbers Annie View in 3D 975 / 19-Oct-2011 Sweetheart Annie View in 3D 750 / 13-Feb-2015 Lunar Beast Annie View in 3D 1350 / 04-Feb-2021 Lunar Beast Annie Chromas Amethyst Citrine Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Vitality Rare & Limited Goth Annie View in 3D Special / 27-Oct-2009 Hextech Annie View in 3D Special / 15-Mar-2016 Annie-Versary View in 3D Special / 27-Oct-2019 Screenshots [ ] Classic Annie (Visual Update) Annie's Skins (Visual Update) Panda Annie Sweetheart Annie Classic Annie (Visual VFX Update) Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Bear Hugs Champions killed within 3s of damaging them with Summon: Tibbers (R) Duty-Free Arson Mana refunded with Disintegrate (Q) Spicy Stuns Champions stunned with Pyromania (P) I'm Rubber... Champion damage against Annie or her allies mitigated by Molten Shield (E) Stay and Play Multiple champions stunned by a Pyromania (P) enhanced Ability Tybaulk's Fury Damage to champions with Summon: Tibbers (R) Trivia [ ] Original Annie Her very first splash art was directly tweaked for the first splash art of her Goth skin. Goth Annie This skin shares the Goth theme with: Emumu Gothic Orianna Goth Annie's appearance on the Digital Collector's Bundle art. As one of the four Collector's Edition skins, she was only be obtainable through digital or retail Collector's Edition packs. [1] She herself was obtainable through the Digital Collector's Edition pack. The others are: Black Alistar (Pre-ordered Digital Collector's Pack ) Silver Kayle ( Retail Collector's Edition ) Young Ryze (Pre-ordered Retail Collector's Edition ) At one point she was going to be bundled to celebrate her visual update , coupled with the fact the Collector's Edition was outdated. However, it never happened. As a result, she became the first skin sale to ever be denied to the public. Her old Chinese artwork might have influenced her visual update. Her International Updated splash art was further updated to the Chinese version. Previously she had a much more grim expression where currently she has a more cheerful one. The Chinese edited version is a direct reference to the old Chinese splash art. Her appearance on the art for the Digital Collector's Bundle in the Riot Store is the version prior to the edit. Red Riding Annie This skin shares the Storybook theme with: Annie in Wonderland Big Bad Warwick Caterpillar Kog'Maw Count Vladimir Mad Hatter Shaco She references Little Red Riding Hood . Annie in Wonderland This skin shares the Storybook theme with: Big Bad Warwick Caterpillar Kog'Maw Count Vladimir Mad Hatter Shaco Red Riding Annie She references Alice in Wonderland (Annie is dressed as the titular Alice and Tibbers as the White Rabbit). This skin was a response to the player request to have Tibbers with a different appearance. It was classified as Legendary back when it was released, but features present in today's Legendary skins (modified ability particles, different emote or recall animation, new voiceover, etc.) are absent from this one. Recall effects were added with her VFX update. FrankenTibbers Annie This skin shares the Trick-or-Treat theme with: Count Kassadin Count Kledula Haunted Zyra Headless Hecarim Mundo Mundo ...and others Nightmare Tryndamere Pumpkin Prince Amumu Ravenborn LeBlanc Trick or Treat Ekko Witch's Brew Blitzcrank She was released in celebration of Harrowing 2011 along with: Definitely Not Blitzcrank Bewitching Nidalee Haunting Nocturne She references the Bride of Frankenstein . Tibbers' design is based upon the best-known Boris Karloff 's incarnation of Frankenstein's monster , rather than the original book's description. [2] Reverse Annie This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali She is dressed in a Tibbers onesie and is carrying a doll in her own image, while Tibbers is dressed as her. The doll resembles the infamous Annabelle one. Prom Queen Annie This skin shares the Day Job theme with: Almost-Prom King Amumu Boom Boom Blitzcrank Corporate Mundo Fisherman Fizz French Maid Nidalee ...and others Jurassic Cho'Gath Matador Alistar Prestigious LeBlanc Primetime Draven Scuba Gragas Frostfire Annie This skin shares the Winter Wonder theme with: Frozen Prince Mundo Ice King Twitch Poro Rider Sejuani Snow Fawn Poppy Snow Man Yi ...and others Snowstorm Sivir Winter Wonder Karma Winter Wonder Lulu Winter Wonder Neeko Winter Wonder Orianna Annie was originally going to have blonde hair. Annie creating a circle of magic in the old Chinese artwork might be referencing Fairy Tail . Panda Annie This skin shares the Lunar Revel: Firecracker theme with: Dragonwing Corki Firecracker Diana Firecracker Jinx Firecracker Sejuani Firecracker Sett ...and others Firecracker Teemo Firecracker Vayne Firecracker Xin Zhao Prestige Firecracker Vayne Prestige Firecracker Vayne (2022) She was released in celebration of Lunar Revel 2013 (Year of the Snake ) along with: Jade Fang Cassiopeia Dragonwing Corki Warring Kingdoms Jarvan IV Warring Kingdoms Xin Zhao Tibbers strongly resembles the Panda King from Sly Cooper , who fights with Flame Kung-Fu ('Flame-Fu'). Oddly and coincidentally enough, this skin was released four days after Sly Cooper: Thieves in Time , the newest series entry in eight years. Sweetheart Annie This skin shares the Heartbreakers theme with: Heartbreaker Vi Heartpiercer Fiora Heartseeker Jinx Heartseeker Orianna Heartseeker Quinn ...and others Heartseeker Varus Heartseeker Vayne Heartseeker Yuumi Sweetheart Sona Sweetheart Xayah She was released in celebration of Valentine's Day 2015 along with: Heartseeker Varus She resembles Shirley Temple . Tibbers resembles one of the Care Bears . It's the first skin where Tibbers doesn't appear menacing, lacking sharp claws or exposed teeth. Tibbers' face resembles Pedobear 's. A statue of Amumu can be seen in the background. Hextech Annie This skin shares the Hextech theme with: Hextech Alistar Hextech Amumu Hextech Jarvan IV Hextech Kassadin Hextech Malzahar ...and others Hextech Poppy Hextech Renekton Hextech Sejuani Hextech Singed Hextech Ziggs This skin was the first skin to be primarily obtained via Gems with Hextech Crafting . She references BioShock with Tibbers being a Big Daddy and Annie being a Little Sister . The streets of Zaun can be seen in the background. Her outfit resembles Caitlyn's . Super Galaxy Annie This skin shares the Super Galaxy theme with: Super Galaxy Elise Super Galaxy Fizz Super Galaxy Gnar Super Galaxy Kindred Super Galaxy Nidalee Super Galaxy Rumble Super Galaxy Shyvana Annie-Versary This skin shares the Surprise Party theme with: Surprise Party Amumu Surprise Party Fiddlesticks This skin was released in celebration of League of Legends 10th Anniversary. During the 10th Anniversary, this skin was given to all players for free who had an active account before the event and who participated in the event. Tibbers is replaced by a giant Teemo . Many people have made jokes regarding the skin's appearance, the most notable being a Jojo reference . Several cosplay versions of champions can be seen in the background of her splash art: K/DA Akali Pool Party Gangplank Original Gnar She is a reference to Jessica Nigri and other types of female Gnar cosplayers. Helmet Bro Original Master Yi He is a reference of the cheap cosplay style and many fun Master Yi cosplays. Baker Pantheon Poro Arcade Riven Beekeeper Singed Original Taliyah Original Teemo Original Vel'Koz Lunar Beast Annie Chromas: Amethyst,  Citrine,  Obsidian,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Vitality This skin shares the Lunar Beast theme with: Lunar Beast Alistar Lunar Beast Aphelios Lunar Beast Darius Lunar Beast Fiora Lunar Beast Jarvan IV Lunar Beast Viego Prestige Lunar Beast Fiora Cafe Cuties Annie Chromas: Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Cafe Cuties theme with: Cafe Cuties Bard Cafe Cuties Gwen Cafe Cuties Jinx Cafe Cuties Lulu Cafe Cuties Poppy Cafe Cuties Rumble Cafe Cuties Sivir Cafe Cuties Soraka Cafe Cuties Vladimir Fright Night Annie Chromas: Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Fright Night theme with: Fright Night Draven Fright Night Nautilus Fright Night Renata Glasc Fright Night Trundle Fright Night Urgot Her design takes heavy inspiration from various Tim Burton films. She resembles Wednesday Addams . Winterblessed Annie Chromas: Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Rainbow,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Wreathguard This skin shares the Winterblessed theme with: Prestige Winterblessed Camille Prestige Winterblessed Warwick Winterblessed Camille Winterblessed Diana Winterblessed Hecarim ...and others Winterblessed Senna Winterblessed Sylas Winterblessed Thresh Winterblessed Warwick Winterblessed Zoe References [ ] ↑ Guide to Legacy and Limited Skins ↑ M. Shelley, Frankenstein , chap. 5