Games Universe • League of Legends • Teamfight Tactics • Legends of Runeterra Image Aphelios Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Aphelios the Weapon of the Faithful Release date 2019-12-11 Last changed V14.1 Class(es) Marksman Legacy Marksman Position(s) Bottom Resource Mana Range type Ranged Adaptive type Physical Store price 4800 | 880 Crafting + 2880 Ratings Damage 3 Toughness 1 Control 2 Mobility 1 Utility 1 Style Difficulty Champion Spotlight Aphelios Champion Spotlight Aphelios is a champion in League of Legends . [1] Gameplay • Cosmetics • Audio • Development • Patch History • History • Trivia Base statistics Aphelios Edit Health 580 +102 Mana 348 +42 Health regen. (per 5s) 3.25 +0.55 Mana regen. (per 5s) 6.5 +0.4 Armor 26 +4.2 Attack damage 55 +2.3 Magic resist. 30 +1.3 Crit. damage 175% Move. speed 325 Attack range 550 Attack speed Base AS 0.64 Attack windup 15.333% AS ratio N/A Bonus AS +2.1 % Unit radius Gameplay radius 65 Selection radius 110 Pathing radius 35 Acq. radius 750 Special statistics ARAM Nexus Blitz One For All URF Ult Spellbook Arena Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received -5% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +8% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +5% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt -5% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Abilities [ ] Edit The Hitman and the Seer The Hitman and the Seer Innate: Aphelios has access to an arsenal of 5 Moonstone Weapons , created by his sister Alune . He equips two weapons at any one time, one as his main weapon and one as his off-hand . Each weapon has a unique basic attack and passive effect. Aphelios begins the game with Calibrum as his main weapon and Severum in his off-hand , with Gravitum , Infernum , and Crescendum queued in reserve. The queue order can be rearranged based on weapon usage. Innate - Moonlight: Weapons spawn with 50 Moonlight for ammunition , which is consumed on basic attacks on-attack or to cast his abilities . Abilities that cause Aphelios to attack do not cost additional Moonlight on top of their ability cost. Once his main weapon is exhausted of Moonlight , it is moved to the end of the queue and Aphelios assembles his next available weapon over 1 second to equip it from his reserve, with its ability being placed on a 1. 5 -second cooldown before that time. Aphelios cannot cast Phase during the assembly. Innate - Weapon Master: Aphelios cannot improve his abilities with skill points . He starts the game with Phase and gains access to abilities at level 2 and Moonlight Vigil at level 6, with the latter improving automatically at levels 11 and 16. Instead, Aphelios may spend his skill points to gain bonus attack damage , bonus attack speed or lethality . Bonus Attack Damage: 4. 5 / 9 / 13. 5 / 18 / 22. 5 / 27 Bonus Attack Speed: 9 / 18 / 27 / 36 / 45 / 54% Lethality: 5. 5 / 11 / 16. 5 / 22 / 27. 5 / 33 Link ▶️ "This will be your voice." Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Video Info Targeting input Passive The level up for the bonus attack damage , attack speed , and armor penetration have hotkeys Q, W, E, respectively. Assigning points does not follow the same rules as conventional point expenditure. The quickest you can get an individual statistic to rank-6 is by assigning points at 1 / 2 / 3 / 5 / 7 / 9. An ammunition counter will appear to the right side of the screen at 10 or less Moonlight . Abilities can still be used with less than the required amount of Moonlight , consuming all remaining Moonlight in the process. Runaan's Hurricane does not consume additional Moonlight for his basic attacks. The icon for this ability changes based on the active skin and functions as Alune's portrait, similarly to Aphelios' portrait. Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit Weapon ammunition changed to 30. Video https://leagueoflegends.fandom.com/wiki/File:Aphelios_Passive_Video.webm Edit Weapons of the Faithful Weapons of the Faithful The active effect of Aphelios' varies based on his current main weapon . The individual actives do not share a cooldown. Edit Calibrum, the Sniper Rifle Calibrum, the Sniper Rifle COST: 1 Moonlight per attack Aphelios gains 100 bonus attack range while Calibrum is his main weapon . Enemies damaged by Calibrum through an ability are marked for 4. 5 seconds, revealing them for the duration. Aphelios' next basic attack against a marked target uses the current off-hand weapon and has 1800 range , increased missile speed, and a brief cast time that lasts shorter based on Aphelios' proximity to the target. The empowered attack will consume the marks from all targets, dealing 15 (+ 20% bonus AD) bonus physical damage to the main target for each mark consumed. If Calibrum is the current off-hand weapon, the main weapon is used for the attack instead. Link ▶️ "Calibrum." Edit Moonshot Moonshot COST: 10 Moonlight + 60 Mana COOLDOWN: 10 − 8 (based on level) CAST TIME: 0. 4 TARGET RANGE: 1450 WIDTH: 120 SPEED: 1850 Active: Aphelios fires a bolt of energy in the target direction that deals 60 − 160 (based on level) (+ 42% − 60% (based on level) bonus AD) (+ 100% AP) physical damage to the first enemy hit. Hide Calibrum Details Moonshot Details Tips & Tricks Map-Specific Differences Targeting input Passive Damage type Type Sub-type Basic damage Physical Counters Parries Projectile Blocked See Notes Notes Crescendum's outgoing basic attack can bypass Yasuo's Wind Wall and Braum's Unbreakable but cannot while returning. Triggered Marks apply on-hit effects, stack Energized and trigger Runaan's Hurricane , but no other on-attack effects . The mark will not be triggered by Onslaught attacks. The increased basic attack range is drawn for Aphelios to differentiate it from his normal attack range. The empowered range for the mark will also be drawn as an indicator for Aphelios . Runaan's Hurricane bolts will use Calibrum's projectiles for Aphelios's attacks with Calibrum . If the target becomes untargetable , dies , or is too far away or no longer in sight during the empowered attack's cast time, it will still fire despite the target being invalid. (bug) A blue circle outlining the range in which he may perform basic attacks. This glowing indicator will align directly behind each marked target. Targeting input Direction Damage type Type Sub-type Spell damage Physical Counters Spell shield Projectile Blocked Blocked Notes This ability will cast from wherever the caster is at the end of the cast time. Moonshot's name is modified based on Aphelios' off-hand weapon: Resurgent Moonshot Binding Moonshot Incendiary Moonshot Arcing Moonshot Edit Severum, the Scythe Pistol Severum, the Scythe Pistol COST: 1 Moonlight per attack Basic attacks with Severum are non-projectile and have an uncancellable windup . Severum's attacks heal Aphelios for 2% − 7. 1 % (based on level) of the post-mitigation damage dealt, increased to 5% − 17. 75 % (based on level) for attacks from abilities. Healing from Severum in excess of Aphelios' maximum health is converted into a shield for an amount of up to 10 − 140 (based on level) (+ 6% maximum health) , lingering for up to 30 seconds. Link ▶️ "Severum." Edit Onslaught Onslaught COST: 10 Moonlight + 60 Mana COOLDOWN : 10 − 8 (based on level) CAST TIME: none EFFECT RADIUS: 550 Active: Aphelios enters an onslaught for 1. 75 seconds, gaining 20% (+ 10% per 100 AP) bonus movement speed and automatically performing up to 6 (+ 2 per 100% bonus attack speed) attacks over the duration against the nearest visible enemy, prioritizing enemy champions . Attacks alternate between Severum and his current off-hand weapon, each dealing 10 − 40 (based on level) (+ 20% − 35% (based on level) bonus AD) physical damage , affected by critical strike modifiers, and applying on-hit damage at 25% effectiveness. Aphelios cannot cast Phase nor Moonlight Vigil during Onslaught, but he is still able to move. He cannot perform attacks while unable to declare basic attacks. Hide Severum Details Onslaught Details Targeting input Passive Damage type Type Sub-type Basic damage Physical Counters Parries Projectile Blocked Not Blocked Notes Runaan's Hurricane bolts will use Severum's attack animation instead of firing projectiles for Aphelios' attacks with Severum . Targeting input Auto Damage type Type Sub-type Minion Aggro Basic damage Physical Drawn Counters Parries Projectile Blocked See Notes Notes Severum's attacks are not intercepted , but the attacks from the off-hand weapon are during Onslaught . Aphelios will also not perform the attacks while channeling Recall . If Aphelios is taunted , he will still attack the nearest enemy. During Onslaught , Aphelios' attack range is reduced 「 to 410 」 「 by 140 」 and his attack commands instead issue movement commands to walk into the respective range of his target. Onslaught's name is modified based on Aphelios' off-hand weapon: Precision Onslaught Binding Onslaught Incendiary Onslaught Arcing Onslaught Onslaught's attacks stack Energized , but do not apply any other on-attack effects. Crescendum will not deal damage if blocked by Wind Wall , but the stacks will still be gained. Cosmetically, the Moonlight cost is consumed through the duration. Edit Gravitum, the Gravity Cannon Gravitum, the Gravity Cannon COST: 1 Moonlight per attack Basic attacks with Gravitum slow enemies by 30% for 2. 5 seconds, decaying to 10% after 0. 7 seconds. Link ▶️ "Gravitum." Edit Binding Eclipse Binding Eclipse COST: 10 Moonlight + 60 Mana COOLDOWN: 12 − 10 (based on level) CAST TIME: 0. 3 EFFECT RADIUS: Global Gravitum - Active: Aphelios expunges all enemies with Gravitum's slow debuff, dealing 50 − 110 (based on level) (+ 26% − 35% (based on level) bonus AD) (+ 70% AP) magic damage and rooting them for 1 second. Binding Eclipse also empowers in-flight Gravitum projectiles to instantly affect their targets upon applying the slow successively. Hide Gravitum Details Binding Eclipse Details Targeting input Passive Damage type Type Sub-type Basic damage Physical Counters Spell shield Parries Projectile Not Blocked Blocked Blocked Notes Gravitum's debuff applies even if the target is immune to slows (via slow immunity or cc-immunity ). The target will be affected after losing their immunity. Runaan's Hurricane's bolts will use Gravitum's projectiles when Aphelios attacks with Gravitum . Targeting input Auto Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Magic Counters Spell shield Blocked Notes No compensations are made if Binding Eclipse is used to empower in-flight Gravitum projectiles that are destroyed or have the slow application negated by any means, wasting the effect in the process. Binding Eclipse cannot expunge enemies affected by Gravitum that are untargetable . Binding Eclipse cannot be cast without a marked target. Edit Infernum, the Flamethrower Infernum, the Flamethrower COST: 1 Moonlight per attack Basic attacks with Infernum shoot a fire bolt that upon arrival splits into a cone of 4 lesser bolts behind the target, dealing damage to enemies they pass through. The fire bolt deals 110% AD physical damage to the primary target. Secondary targets hit by any bolt are dealt 82. 5 / 110% (based on level) AD physical damage , reduced to 25. 3 / 33% (based on level) AD against minions . Critical strikes also apply to damage dealt to secondary targets and instead spray 6 missiles in a 50% wider cone that deals critical damage . Link ▶️ "Infernum." Edit Duskwave Duskwave COST: 10 Moonlight + 60 Mana COOLDOWN: 9 − 6 (based on level) CAST TIME: 0. 4 TARGET RANGE: 650 ANGLE: 40° Active: Aphelios unleashes a wave of energy in a cone in the target direction, dealing 25 − 65 (based on level) (+ 56% − 80% (based on level) bonus AD) (+ 70% AP) physical damage to all enemies hit and locking onto each of them. After 0. 25 seconds, Aphelios then fires a volley of attacks at each locked-on target from his current off-hand weapon, dealing 100% AD physical damage and applying on-hit effects at 100% effectiveness. The damage is affected by critical strike modifiers. There is no range limit for locked-on targets. Hide Infernum Details Duskwave Details Targeting input Passive Damage type Type Sub-type Default damage Physical Counters Spell shield Parries Projectile Not Blocked See Notes Blocked Notes Infernum's attack hit can be dodged by or missed against the primary target. This will not prevent the missile from dealing damage to secondary targets nor from splashing against additional targets behind the primary target. The damage cannot be dodged as or missed against a secondary target. Runaan's Hurricane bolts will use Infernum's projectiles when Aphelios attacks with Infernum . The bolts' attacks shoot 3 missiles, increased to 5 missiles when they critically strike . Targeting input Direction Damage type Type Sub-type Minion Aggro See Notes Physical Drawn Counters Spell shield Parries Projectile Blocked See Notes Blocked Notes The volley applies area damage and the follow up attacks from the off-hand weapon deal basic damage . This ability will cast from wherever the caster is at the start of the cast time. The hitbox also includes a very small portion behind Aphelios' character model. Duskwave's name is modified based on Aphelios' off-hand weapon: Precision Duskwave Resurgent Duskwave Binding Duskwave Arcing Duskwave Aphelios is locked out of declaring attacks until the volley of attacks have been resolved. The automatic attacks do not trigger any on-attack effects . Pix does not increase the damage of the volley. The volley of attacks won't deal any damage, if they are dodged , blocked , or if Aphelios is blinded . Edit Crescendum, the Chakram Crescendum, the Chakram COST: 1 Moonlight per attack SPEED: 600 (+ 75 per 10% bonus attack speed) Basic attacks with Crescendum hurl the blade at the target, which lingers for 0. 25 seconds before homing back to Aphelios . He is unable to declare basic attacks until he retrieves Crescendum , but the attack timer is reset once caught . Whenever Aphelios casts an ability that would require him to throw Crescendum , he instead fires a spectral Chakram at the target that similarly returns to him. Aphelios accumulates the Chakrams he catches, up to 20, which last for 5 seconds or until Crescendum is depleted of Moonlight . Attacks with Crescendum against champions will refresh the duration of Chakrams . Basic attacks with Crescendum are empowered to deal 0% − 138. 5 % (based on number of Chakrams) AD bonus physical damage and have a 10. 67 % wind up percentage, decreased to 6. 67 % when critically striking . The bonus damage from Chakrams is affected by critical strike modifiers. Link ▶️ "Crescendum." Edit Sentry Sentry COST: 10 Moonlight + 60 Mana COOLDOWN: 9 − 6 (based on level) CAST TIME: 0. 25 TARGET RANGE: 475 EFFECT RADIUS: 500 Active: Aphelios deploys a lunar sentry at the target location that arms after 0. 35 seconds, lasting for up to 20 seconds, during which it is inactive and untargetable . The sentry activates if an enemy is within range of it, reducing its duration to 4 seconds and becoming targetable. Sentries have 6 health and take 3 damage per ranged basic attack and 4 damage per hit by abilities. Turret attacks destroy sentries instantly. The sentry grants sight of its surroundings and autonomously attacks the nearest visible enemy in range with a replica of Aphelios' current off-hand weapon, dealing 31 − 100 (based on level) (+ 40% − 60% (based on level) bonus AD) (+ 50% AP) physical damage per hit. The sentry can critically strike and benefits from both Aphelios' attack speed and critical strike chance at 100% effectiveness. See Pets for more details about the sentry. Sentry will cast at max range if cast beyond that. Hide Crescendum Details Sentry Details Targeting input Passive Damage type Type Sub-type Basic damage Physical Counters Parries Projectile Blocked Blocked Notes Accumulated Chakrams accompany Crescendum whenever Aphelios performs a basic attack. This is merely a visual representation of the increased damage, and the separate blades are not considered separate damage sources nor projectiles . All Chakram stacks are lost if the Crescendum projectile is destroyed (i.e Wind Wall , Unbreakable ). At high attack speeds Crescendum will lower Aphelios' total attack speed, even when right next to his target. Targeting input Location Damage type Type Sub-type Spell damage Physical Counters Parries Projectile See Notes See Notes Notes Sentry's name is modified based on Aphelios' off-hand weapon: Precision Sentry Resurgent Sentry Heals Aphelios for any damage it deals. Attacks cannot be intercepted by Wind Wall and Unbreakable . Binding Sentry Incendiary Sentry The Sentry will stop upon colliding with Wind Wall . It will be deployed in front of the wall. The Sentry's attacks can be dodged and blocked , but not missed from being blinded . Edit Phase Phase CAST TIME: None STATIC COOLDOWN: 0. 8 Active: Aphelios switches between his main weapon and off-hand weapon over 0. 25 seconds. Hide Details Video Info Targeting input Auto Switching does not interrupt any commands Aphelios was issued before or during Phase . Video https://leagueoflegends.fandom.com/wiki/File:Aphelios_W_Video.webm Edit Weapon Queue System Weapon Queue System The icon of this ability reflects the next weapon that is in reserve. Active: Aphelios receives a text prompt of the weapon Alune will create next. Edit Moonlight Vigil Moonlight Vigil COST: 100 Mana COOLDOWN: 120 / 110 / 100 (based on level) CAST TIME: 0. 6 TARGET RANGE: 1300 EFFECT RADIUS: 300 SPEED: 1000 Active: Aphelios casts forth a lunar spotlight in the target direction that briefly grants sight of the area along its path and stops upon illuminating an enemy champion . Alune smites the area centered on the illuminated target, dealing 125 / 175 / 225 (based on level) (+ 20% bonus AD) (+ 100% AP) physical damage to enemy champions struck and locking-on to each target hit, as well as granting sight of the area for 2 seconds. After 0. 3 seconds of the illumination, attacks based on Aphelios' current main weapon will launch from the sky against each locked-on target, dealing 100% AD physical damage and applying on-hit effects at 100% effectiveness. These attacks can critically strike for (20% + 40% ) AD bonus physical damage . There is no range limit for locked-on targets. Calibrum : Applies an empowered mark that deals 50 / 80 / 110 (based on level) bonus physical damage per mark consumed. Severum : Heals Aphelios for 250 / 350 / 450 (based on level) if at least one enemy champion is hit. Gravitum : Increases the initial slow to 99% and empowers Binding Eclipse to root targets affected by the enhanced slow for 1. 35 seconds. Infernum : Deals 50 / 100 / 150 (based on level) (+ 25% bonus AD) bonus physical damage on the initial blast. Attacks splash in a 400 radius instead of a cone, dealing 「 90% of that damage. 」 「 45 / 90 / 135 (based on level) (+ 22. 5 % bonus AD) physical damage . 」 Enemy champions will take damage from overlapping areas. Crescendum : Generates 5 additional spectral Chakrams that return to Aphelios from the first enemy champion hit, for a total of 6, on top of those from other targets hit. Link ▶️ "I am with you!" Hide Details Video Info Targeting input Direction Damage type Type Sub-type Minion Aggro Area damage Physical Drawn Counters Spell shield Parries Projectile See Notes See Notes See Notes The basic attacks always count as projectiles unless Severum is being used. The lunar beam, however, may always be intercepted regardless of which weapon is in play as the main weapon. Spell shield blocks the Moonlight Vigil's initial detonation damage but does not prevent the attacks from locking-on. The basic attacks from Moonlight Vigil critically strike independently from each other. Targets further away from the center of the blast are hit after a slightly longer delay. These attacks do not apply on-attack effects . Changing weapons while Moonlight Vigil is in flight does not change the effect it has when it hits. This ability will cast from wherever the caster is at the start of the cast time. Moonlight Vigil's effect radius is centered around the location of the missile as it collides. With Calibrum , the extra damage from consuming the mark is a bonus damage on top of Calibrum's normal mark consumption damage. With Infernum , 14 fire bolts splash from each target hit (18 for critical strikes ). This does not occur if the initial damage of Moonlight Vigil kills the target. With Infernum ,the splash attacks damage is also modified by Infernum attack secondary target damage amplifier, which means it only deals 70.125% (=82.5%*85%) of attack damage to secondary targets before level 9. With Crescendum , 1 spectral chakram is gained for every target hit by the blast, meaning it is possible to gain up to 10 spectral chakrams with one use of Moonlight Vigil if it hits 5 enemy champions. With Severum , the extra flat heal is given only once, not per target. However, all damage done by Moonlight Vigil with it also heals him from Severum's own passive effect. The locked-on attacks' can be dodged and blocked , but won't be prevented if Aphelios is blinded . Preventing the attack also prevents the additional effect (e.g. marking them with Gravitum or granting spectral chakrams ). Moonlight Vigil has different visual effects changed accordingly to each weapon. This may vary depending on the skin , this showcases the default : Calibrum Severum Gravitum Infernum Crescendum Video https://leagueoflegends.fandom.com/wiki/File:Aphelios_R_Video.webm Pets [ ] Sentry Calibrum Gravitum Infernum Severum Bounty Gold Exp CS 3 0 Statistics Health 6 Attack damage 31 − 100 (based on level) (+ 40% − 60% (based on level) bonus AD) (+ 50% AP) Attack speed 0. 64 Range 475 Armor 0 Magic res. 0 Incoming damage modifier 3 damage from ranged basic attacks 4 damage from abilities 6 damage from turret basic attacks CC resist. Cripple Silence Slow Root Mov. speed 0 Control type Autonomous (static) Target type Minion On-hit effects Sentry's attacks are mitigated by block , dodge , but not blind . Spell effects Sentry's basic attacks apply spell effects as spell damage . Abilities Weapon Replication Uses a copy of Aphelios' current off-hand weapon to fire at targets. Stat Modifier Attacks benefit from Aphelios' attack speed and critical strike chance . Critical Strike Modifier Attacks are able to critically strike . Passive Protection Gains untargetability while inactive. This is lost after becoming active. Champion skins [ ] This article section only contains champion skins. For all associated collection items, see Aphelios (Collection) . Original View in 3D 975 11.12.2019 Emerging from moonlight’s shadow with weapons drawn, Aphelios kills the enemies of his faith in brooding silence—speaking only through the certainty of his aim, and the firing of each gun. Though fueled by a poison that renders him mute, he is guided by his sister Alune in her distant temple sanctuary from where she pushes an arsenal of moonstone weapons into his hands. For as long as the moon shines overhead, Aphelios will never be alone. N/A, Tania Gunadi Pan Chengwei Loot eligible Nightbringer View in 3D 1350 11.12.2019 Separated at primordial birth, Aphelios, a fiend of chaos, and Alune, an archoness of order, were created as enemies. Yet, drawn each night to wander by shared visions of the moon, they found each other. Abandoning their natures, they struggle to show creation that darkness can shine, even as other divinities endlessly war… N/A, Tania Gunadi Jennifer Wuestling Nightbringer and Dawnbringer Loot eligible Additional/unique quotes New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Nightbringer Aphelios Chromas Emerald Obsidian Pariah Pearl Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Lunar Beast View in 3D 1350 04.02.2021 Aphelios stays quiet, preferring to worship the Bull God according to obscure “old ways” that are unfamiliar to the rest of his squad. His teammates are welcoming, if curious, but have yet to realize that Aphelios and his sister Alune are actually the Bull God's progeny, placed among the squad to face this year's Lunar Beast. N/A, Tania Gunadi Francis Tneh, West Studio Lunar Beast Loot eligible Legacy New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Lunar Beast Aphelios Chromas Citrine Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Vitality EDG View in 3D 1350 12.05.2022 Honoring Viper's winning performance as Aphelios during the 2021 World Championship. N/A, Tania Gunadi Bo 'chenbowow' Chen World Champions: 2021 Loot eligible Legacy New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas EDG Aphelios Chromas Elite Spirit Blossom View in 3D 1350 06.10.2022 Ionians share whispered stories of the twin spirits of the night, Aphelios and Alune. It is said the darkening of the sky comes from the brother's armaments, tearing the fabric of blues and whites apart to create an obsidian canvas painted with stars. The sister's motives are more... mysterious. N/A, Tania Gunadi Fortune 'Fortuneee' K Spirit Blossom Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Spirit Blossom Aphelios Chromas Catseye Citrine Emerald Night Blossom Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Turquoise HEARTSTEEL View in 3D 1350 08.11.2023 A multi-instrumental musical genius whose passion for his craft is nigh obsessive, Aphelios is the composer and creative backbone of HEARTSTEEL.  Though he rarely ever speaks, with this wild band of musical misfits and his twin sister (the band's manager Alune) by his side, Aphelios is ready to have his creative voice heard loud and clear. N/A, Tania Gunadi Bo 'chenbowow' Chen, Julia Yurtsev, Jennifer Wuestling HEARTSTEEL Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas HEARTSTEEL Aphelios Chromas Citrine Emerald Pearl Rockstar Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Patch history [ ] For the expanded patch notes, see here Trivia [ ] Aphelios means "furthest from the sun". [2] It comes from Greek , " apo " means "far apart, away" [3] and " Helios " is the Titan god of the sun, [4] the latter element being shared with Aurelion Sol . In astronomy, " aphelion " means "the point in the orbit of an object where it is farthest from the Sun" also has the same origin . His sister's name Alune is possibly based on Latin luna , which shares the same PIE root * lewk- as Lux and Lucian . [5] Aphelios and Alune are possibly inspired by the Sun and Moon twins from Indo-European mythology ; albeit that both twins belong to the Lunari order. Aphelios is the first champion that has less than four abilities. A unique HUD is used due to the unorthodox arrangement of his kit. Aphelios has a game start ceremony that forces him in place. Aphelios is the only champion in League of Legends who can obtain the highest amount of Lethality . [6] Since Aphelios can hold two weapons at a time with The Hitman and the Seer , there are 10 different possible combinations of weapons he can have equipped. These are: Calibrum and Severum Calibrum and Gravitum Calibrum and Infernum Calibrum and Crescendum Severum and Gravitum Severum and Infernum Severum and Crescendum Gravitum and Infernum Gravitum and Crescendum Infernum and Crescendum Aphelios was associated with a meme known as '200 years' that stemmed from a champion designer's controversial comments regarding game design experience. Despite the comment being in response to a conversation about Wukong , the meme has been affiliated with Aphelios because the comment was made shortly after Aphelios's release, because Aphelios's kit was complex in both visual clarity and mechanics, and because Aphelios was extraordinarily strong during his release. See also [ ] League of Legends Wiki | Champions Cancelled Champions Ao Shin Avasha Averdrian CeeCee Cyborg Cowboy Eagle Rider Gavid Husk Iron Engineer Ivan Omen Priscilla Rob Blackblade Seth Tabu Tiki Urf Well References [ ] ↑ Aphelios's profile page at LeagueOfLegends.com ↑ Aphelios name meaning ↑ Beekes, R.S.P. Etymological Dictionary of Greek , p. 117 ↑ Beekes, R.S.P. Etymological Dictionary of Greek , p. 516 ↑ DeVaan, . Etymological Dictionary of Latin , p. 352 ↑ https://leagueoflegends.fandom.com/wiki/Armor_penetration#Trivia