Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Aphelios View in 3D 975 / 11-Dec-2019 Nightbringer Aphelios View in 3D 1350 / 11-Dec-2019 Spirit Blossom Aphelios View in 3D 1350 / 06-Oct-2022 HEARTSTEEL Aphelios View in 3D 1350 / 08-Nov-2023 HEARTSTEEL Aphelios Chromas Citrine Emerald Pearl Rockstar Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Nightbringer Aphelios Chromas Emerald Obsidian Pariah Pearl Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Spirit Blossom Aphelios Chromas Catseye Citrine Emerald Night Blossom Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Turquoise Legacy Vault Lunar Beast Aphelios View in 3D 1350 / 04-Feb-2021 EDG Aphelios View in 3D 1350 / 12-May-2022 EDG Aphelios Chromas Elite Lunar Beast Aphelios Chromas Citrine Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Vitality Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Faith's Reach Champions killed from outside standard Attack range Gravitational Pull Multiple (2+) champions rooted by Binding Eclipse (Q) Gunslinger Champions killed using multiple (2+) weapons within 6s Harvest Moon Healing/Shielding from champions with Severum Moonburn Multiple champions hit with Infernum (P, Q) Attacks or Abilities Perfectly Balanced Damage to champions with mirror Chakram Trivia [ ] Original Aphelios The figures in the backgrounds are Solari zealots named the Burning Ones. [1] His and his sister's face tattoos when placed together have a similar appearance to Diana's . Alune and Aphelios' markings are closer to a gibbous moon to signify that the Lunari growing in power again. [2] They're divided to symbolize, when together they have the power to rival an aspect . [3] Aphelios' visual design was intended to push the limits of the visual design of Mount Targon and represents something new. [4] His visual appearance shares similarities with the Event Horizon skins. Iso from the Valorant has the appearance similar to Aphelios . Hwei shares visual similarities with Aphelios . Nightbringer Aphelios Chromas: Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pariah,  Pearl,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the Nightbringer and Dawnbringer theme with: Dawnbringer Karma Dawnbringer Nidalee Dawnbringer Renekton Dawnbringer Vex Dawnbringer Yone ...and others Nightbringer Kayn Nightbringer Nasus Nightbringer Tryndamere Nightbringer Vladimir Prestige Nightbringer Kayn Aphelios is a Being of Chaos and Alune is a Being of Order . Lunar Beast Aphelios Chromas: Citrine,  Obsidian,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Vitality This skin shares the Lunar Beast theme with: Lunar Beast Alistar Lunar Beast Annie Lunar Beast Darius Lunar Beast Fiora Lunar Beast Jarvan IV Lunar Beast Viego Prestige Lunar Beast Fiora EDG Aphelios Chromas: Elite This skin shares the World Champions: 2021 theme with: EDG Graves EDG Viego EDG Yuumi EDG Zoe He represents Viper . Spirit Blossom Aphelios Chromas: Catseye,  Citrine,  Emerald,  Night Blossom,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Spirit Blossom theme with: Prestige Spirit Blossom Teemo Spirit Blossom Ahri Spirit Blossom Darius Spirit Blossom Evelynn Spirit Blossom Kindred ...and others Spirit Blossom Sett Spirit Blossom Teemo Spirit Blossom Thresh Spirit Blossom Yone Spirit Blossom Yorick Aphelios and Alune represent the Twin Spirits of Night in the Spirit Blossom festival. Aphelios and Sett are in a relationship, with Sett affectionately calling him by the nickname Mooncake. HEARTSTEEL Aphelios Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Pearl,  Rockstar,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the HEARTSTEEL theme with: HEARTSTEEL Ezreal HEARTSTEEL K'Sante HEARTSTEEL Kayn HEARTSTEEL Sett HEARTSTEEL Yone Prestige HEARTSTEEL Yone Alune is the the manager for HEARTSTEEL . This is the first skin where Alune appears in person instead of a lunar projection of herself. References [ ] ↑ Qulani on Background People ↑ Kindlejack on Alune Face Circle ↑ Kindlejack on Alune and Aphelios Together ↑ Kindlejack on Aphelios' Visuals