Area of effect (or AoE ) is a term used to refer to an effect that takes place in an area in whichever shape or form. Area of effects often affect multiple units, but may also be designated for a single unit. Types of AoE [ ] Chain [ ] Jhin's Dancing Grenade bouncing to each target within the area, creating a chain. Chain area of effect abilities start their effect with a single target, but, if there is another valid target within range, the effect will switch or extend to that target. They are unable to switch to the same target again, unless otherwise stated. Examples Bard's Cosmic Binding Brand's Conflagration and Pyroclasm Jhin's Dancing Grenade Katarina's Bouncing Blade Malzahar's Malefic Visions Master Yi's Alpha Strike Miss Fortune's Double Up Nami's Ebb and Flow Ryze's Spell Flux Conic [ ] Main article: Direction-targeted Kassadin's Force Pulse affecting targets within the area through a cone. Conic area of effect abilities originate from the front of the caster and in a cone in the area. Examples Aatrox's The Darkin Blade Akali's Five Point Strike Annie's Incinerate Camille's Tactical Sweep Cassiopeia's Petrifying Gaze Corki's Gatling Gun Kassadin's Force Pulse Nidalee's Swipe Riven's Wind Slash Rumble's Flamespitter Syndra's Scatter the Weak Ground [ ] Main article: Location-targeted Nasus' Spirit Fire affecting targets within the area on the ground. Ground area of effect abilities are an area selected by the caster at any location within range. These areas may remain for a period of time to apply their effects to units within their radius, or quickly do so after a delay. Examples Akali's Twilight Shroud Brand's Pillar of Flame Cho'Gath's Rupture Kassadin's Riftwalk Lux's Lucent Singularity Miss Fortune's Make It Rain Morgana's Tormented Shadow Nasus' Spirit Fire Singed's Mega Adhesive Trundle's Frozen Domain Linear [ ] Main article: Direction-targeted Vel'Koz's Life Form Disintegration Ray affecting targets within the area through a line in a direction. Linear area of effect abilities (commonly referred to as "skillshots" ) are an area selected by the caster in any direction. They usually fire a missile which applies its effects to units hit within or at the end its path, or upon hitting a unit. They may also create an area along their path for a period of time or apply their effects within the target direction instantaneously after a delay. Examples Ahri's Orb of Deception Anivia's Flash Frost Braum's Glacial Fissure Caitlyn's Piltover Peacemaker Ekko's Timewinder Leona's Zenith Blade Lux's Final Spark Nami's Tidal Wave Sona's Crescendo Taric's Dazzle Varus' Piercing Arrow Vel'Koz's Life Form Disintegration Ray Xerath's Arcanopulse Yone's Fate Sealed Point blank [ ] Main article: Auto-targeted Blitzcrank's Static Field affecting targets in the area around him on the spot. Point blank area of effect abilities are an area around the caster. They may apply their effects originating from the source radiating outward to units upon contact or automatically at nearby targets. Note that the area around the source is usually anchored around them, and will follow their movement. Examples Amumu's Curse of the Sad Mummy Blitzcrank's Static Field Darius' Decimate Garen's Judgment Galio's Shield of Durand Hecarim's Spirit of Dread Malphite's Ground Slam Nasus' Fury of the Sands Nunu's Absolute Zero Singed's Poison Trail Vladimir's Sanguine Pool Zed's Shadow Slash Splash [ ] An area is indicated around the primary target. Fizz's Chum the Waters affecting the primary target as well as secondary targets near them. Splash area of effect abilities are an area around a unit, applying their effects to them and units near them. The primary unit is however not always affected. Examples Fizz's Chum the Waters Ivern's Triggerseed Jinx's Super Mega Death Rocket! Karma's Inner Flame Lee Sin's Dragon's Rage Nautilus' Depth Charge Quinn's Blinding Assault Senna's Last Embrace Tristana's Explosive Charge and Buster Shot Xin Zhao's Audacious Charge Zilean's Time Bomb Hybrid [ ] Hybrid classification of area of effect abilities consist of one or more types of AoE. Examples Ground-AoE + Point Blank-AoE: Crowstorm , Pounce , Rocket Jump Ground-AoE + Linear-AoE: The Equalizer , Seismic Shove , Death Ray Linear-AoE + Point Blank-AoE: Slice , Shadow Dash , Spinning Slash , Linear-AoE + Conic-AoE: Duskwave , Apprehend , Void Spike Gameplay Elements Targeting Types Auto ( Passive · Self ) · Direction · Location · Unit · Proximity · Vector ( Collision · Radius ) Unit types Champion · Minion · Monster · Pets · Structures ( Turret · Inhibitor · Nexus ) Effect types Ability effects · Attack effects ( On-hit ) · Area of effect · Damage over time · Heal · Multi-hit · Redirected damage · Shield · Single-targeted Ability types Attached · Aura · Blink · Buff · Channel · Combat status · Crowd control · Damage ( Ability · Basic · Magic · Physical · True · Nexus Obelisk · Execution ) · Dash · Debuff · Invulnerability · Pet · Projectile · Sight · Spell shield · Stealth · Tether · Untargetability · Ward