Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Ashe View in 3D 260 / 21-Feb-2009 Sherwood Forest Ashe View in 3D 520 / 08-Apr-2010 Woad Ashe View in 3D 520 / 18-Jul-2010 Amethyst Ashe View in 3D 975 / 15-Nov-2011 Marauder Ashe View in 3D 750 / 17-Feb-2015 PROJECT: Ashe View in 3D 1820 / 01-Aug-2016 Cosmic Queen Ashe View in 3D 1350 / 21-Aug-2018 High Noon Ashe View in 3D 1820 / 10-Oct-2019 Fae Dragon Ashe View in 3D 1350 / 01-Oct-2020 Coven Ashe View in 3D 1350 / 12-Aug-2021 Ocean Song Ashe View in 3D 1350 / 09-Jun-2022 Lunar Empress Ashe View in 3D 1350 / 26-Jan-2023 Cosmic Queen Ashe Chromas Emerald Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Coven Ashe Chromas Aquamarine Catseye Dark Ritual Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Fae Dragon Ashe Chromas Emberclaw Jadeclaw Obsidian Pearl Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite High Noon Ashe Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Nomad Obsidian Ruby Lunar Empress Ashe Chromas Emerald Obsidian Pearl Resplendent Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Ocean Song Ashe Chromas Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite PROJECT: Ashe Chromas Mythic Legacy Vault Freljord Ashe View in 3D 520 / 20-Nov-2009 Queen Ashe View in 3D 975 / 21-Sep-2010 Heartseeker Ashe View in 3D 975 / 14-Feb-2014 Worlds 2017 Ashe View in 3D 1350 / 12-Sep-2017 DRX Ashe View in 3D 1350 / 01-Jun-2023 DRX Ashe Chromas Elite Worlds 2017 Ashe Chromas Golden Rare & Limited Crystalis Motus Ashe View in 3D Special / 06-Dec-2023 Crystalis Motus Ashe Chromas Reclaimed Alternate Artwork [ ] PROJECT: Ashe (No Hood) Screenshots [ ] Classic Ashe & Skins (Visual Update) Heartseeker Ashe Marauder Ashe Classic Ashe (Visual VFX Update) Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Frozen Tendency Time champions have spent slowed by Frost Shot (P) Good Eye Champions revealed by Hawkshot (E) Stun Sniper Enchanted Crystal Arrow (R) hits at greater than 2400 units Hold Still Takedowns on champions affected by Enchanted Crystal Arrow (R) within 6s Ranger Danger Attacks on champions during Ranger's Focus (Q) Value Volley Multiple champions hit with Volley (W) Trivia [ ] Original Ashe Ashe appears to be ambidextrous . The hand she holds her bow with alternates from her left hand and her right hand in the artwork of her skins. Examples of her holding it with her left hand are the art for Classic , Freljord and Sherwood Forest . Examples of her holding it with her right hand are the art for Queen , Amethyst , and Heartseeker . A red recolor of her old Chinese artwork used to be the background image of the Offense branch of the now-retired summoner mastery trees in Season 2 , Season 3 , Season 4 and Season 5 (Season 5 retained Season 4's masteries). Recolors of Soraka's and Poppy's were used for the Utility and Defense branches respectively. Her very first splash art was directly tweaked for the first splash art of her Freljord skin. Freljord Ashe This skin shares the Freljord theme with: Freljord Rammus Freljord Sylas Freljord Taliyah Frost Queen Janna Frosted Ezreal Tundra Hunter Warwick In the old lore, this is her younger self wearing the 'traditional Freljord white garments of victory'. The Freljord Bowmaster Her splash in Wild Rift depicts her in a very similar pose to the one seen in her old splash of the same skin. Sherwood Forest Ashe This skin shares the Albion theme with: Blackthorn Morgana Nottingham Ezreal Viridian Kayle She references Robin Hood . It's the only skin where Ashe's eyes are green. Woad Ashe This skin shares the Woad theme with: Battleborn Kayle Exiled Morgana Woad King Darius Woad Scout Quinn She references the Picts , a Celtic tribe known from late British Iron Age up to early Middle Ages , in what is now Scotland. She also strongly resembles Guinevere from the 2004 King Arthur movie . This skin was obtainable for free on the Brazilian sever by liking Riot Games Page on Facebook. Queen Ashe This skin shares the Medieval theme with: Blacksmith Poppy King Tryndamere Little Knight Amumu Medieval Twitch Sir Kled Sorceress Lux White Mage Veigar This skin represents the potential aftermath of the Freljord Civil War in which the Avarosan win and unite the tribes, with Ashe becoming the queen and Tryndamere the king. This also represents her appearance in the old lore. Rakelstake (the Freljordian capital) can be seen in the background. Amethyst Ashe This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali Amethyst is a violet variety of Quartz, often used in jewelry. It is known as a meditative and calming stone which works in the emotional, spiritual, and physical planes to provide calm, balance, patience, and peace. This fits Ashe's goals of peace, unification, and prosperity for the Freljord. Heartseeker Ashe This skin shares the Heartbreakers theme with: Heartbreaker Vi Heartpiercer Fiora Heartseeker Jinx Heartseeker Orianna Heartseeker Varus ...and others Heartseeker Vayne Heartseeker Yuumi Sweetheart Annie Sweetheart Sona Sweetheart Xayah She was released in celebration of Valentine's Day 2014 . The background resembles the maze in the 1951 Alice in Wonderland movie . A charmed Tryndamere can be seen in the background. Marauder Ashe This skin shares the Marauder theme with: Marauder Alistar Marauder Kalista Marauder Kled Marauder Olaf Marauder Warwick Marauder Xin Zhao Her armor resembles the Daedric set from The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim . She might be referencing the Magelord side of Summoner's Rift . PROJECT: Ashe Chromas: Mythic This skin shares the PROJECT theme with: Prestige PROJECT: Sylas Prestige PROJECT: Zed PROJECT: Akali PROJECT: Ekko PROJECT: Fiora ...and others PROJECT: Leona PROJECT: Renekton PROJECT: Sejuani PROJECT: Sylas PROJECT: Zed Her hologram projector has a com-link open with PROJECT: Ekko and an image of PROJECT: Katarina . She is from an alternate future in which she was cybernetically augmented as part of the PROJECT Initiative, but is leading the resistance against it in the name of humanity. If one tells her they fight for 'unity' she'll say the following: "In unity we find humanity." " I will lead us back to what we've lost." "We still have a choice!" She wields a DE3FRE Plasma Bow in this skin. Her dance references the choreography for Daft Punk ft. Pharrell Williams - Get Lucky in Just Dance 2014 . A side-by-side comparison can be seen here . Worlds 2017 Ashe Chromas: Golden This skin shares the World Championship theme with: Reignited Worlds 2012 Riven Worlds 2012 Riven Worlds 2013 Thresh Worlds 2014 Shyvana Worlds 2016 Zed ...and others Worlds 2019 Ryze Worlds 2020 LeBlanc Worlds 2021 Jarvan IV Worlds 2022 Azir Worlds 2023 Renekton She was released in celebration of the Season 7 World Championship. She was the first Championship skin to receive a Chroma pack. Cosmic Queen Ashe Chromas: Emerald,  Obsidian,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire This skin shares the Cosmic theme with: Cosmic Lux Cosmic Charger Hecarim Cosmic Defender Xin Zhao Cosmic Huntress Nidalee Cosmic Invoker Illaoi ...and others Cosmic Matriarch Bel'Veth Cosmic Paladin Nautilus Cosmic Paladins Nunu & Willump Cosmic Reaver Kassadin Cosmic Sting Skarner Cosmic Reaver Kassadin and Cosmic Blade Master Yi can be seen in the foreground. This skin was released along with: Cosmic Enchantress Lulu Cosmic Defender Xin Zhao She was inspired by the Cassiopeia constellation. High Noon Ashe Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Nomad,  Obsidian,  Ruby This skin shares the High Noon theme with: Bandito Fiddlesticks Cowgirl Miss Fortune High Noon Darius High Noon Hecarim High Noon Leona ...and others High Noon Senna High Noon Thresh Longhorn Alistar Sandscourge Skarner Sheriff Caitlyn Original Ashe's voiceover was updated along with the release of this legendary skin. Her steed of choice is a smoky, evanescent horse spirit named Virtue. [1] This skin resembles Ashe from Overwatch . She reveals her angelic form after using Enchanted Crystal Arrow . Fae Dragon Ashe Chromas: Emberclaw,  Jadeclaw,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rainbow,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Dragonmancers theme with: Dragonmancer Fiora Dragonmancer Kassadin Duality Dragon Volibear Eternal Dragon Brand Lagoon Dragon Kai'Sa ...and others Obsidian Dragon Sett Prestige Duality Dragon Volibear Prestige Obsidian Dragon Sett Steel Dragon Thresh Tranquility Dragon Karma Coven Ashe Chromas: Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Dark Ritual,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Coven theme with: Coven Akali Coven Camille Coven Evelynn Coven LeBlanc Coven Zyra ...and others Old God Ivern Old God Warwick Prestige Coven Akali Prestige Coven LeBlanc Prestige Coven Zyra Ocean Song Ashe Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Ocean Song theme with: Ocean Song Nidalee Ocean Song Seraphine Ocean Song Yone Ocean Song Zeri Prestige Ocean Song Seraphine Lunar Empress Ashe Chromas: Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Resplendent,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Lunar Revel theme with: Jade Dragon Wukong Lunar Emperor Thresh Lunar Empress Lux Lunar Goddess Diana Lunar Guardian Kha'Zix ...and others Lunar Guardian Nasus Lunar Guardian Warwick Lunar Wraith Caitlyn Lunar Wraith Sylas Radiant Wukong DRX Ashe Chromas: Elite This skin shares the World Champions: 2022 theme with: DRX Aatrox DRX Akali DRX Caitlyn DRX Kindred DRX Maokai Prestige DRX Aatrox She was released in celebration of DRX winning the Season 2022 World Championship along with: DRX Aatrox DRX Akali DRX Caitlyn DRX Kindred DRX Maokai She represents BeryL . Her visual was inspired by Elysia from Honkai Impact 3rd . References [ ] ↑ Carnival Knights on Virtue