"You belong in a museum!" This article or section may contain obsolete information, but exists here for historical purposes. This item has been removed on patch V10.23 . Athene's Unholy Grail edit Stats +30 ability power +10% cooldown reduction +30 magic resistance +100% base mana regeneration Passive Unique: Gain 35% of the pre-mitigation damage dealt to champions as Blood Charges , up to 100 − 250 (based on level) . Healing or shielding an ally (excluding yourself) consumes charges equal to 100% of the heal or shield, to heal them, up to the original effect amount. Unique – Dissonance : Gain 5 ability power for every additional 25% base mana regeneration . Disables Harmony on your other items. Limitations Limited to 1 Athene's Unholy Grail . Recipe + + 400 Cost Sell ID 2100 1470 3174 Availability Menu Defense>Magic Resist Magic>Ability Power Magic>Mana Regen Magic>Cooldown Reduction Athene's Unholy Grail was a legendary item in League of Legends . Recipe Athene's Unholy Grail 2100 ( 400 ) Fiendish Codex 900 ( 250 ) Amplifying Tome 400 Glowing Mote 250 Chalice of Harmony 800 ( 100 ) Faerie Charm 250 Null-Magic Mantle 450 Faerie Charm 250 Cost Analysis Gold Value 10% cooldown reduction = 266. 67 30 magic resistance = 540 100% base mana regeneration = 500 30 ability power = 652. 5 Total Gold Value = 1959. 17 Gold Value with Dissonance 20 ability power = 435 Total Gold Value = 2394. 17 Gold efficiency Athene's Unholy Grail was 93. 29 % gold efficient without its passives, and 114. 01 % gold efficient after applying the passive ability power passive. Athene's Unholy Grail's gold efficiency was further increased by 5. 17 % for every 25% mana regeneration obtained from other sources. Similar items Ardent Censer Mikael's Crucible Redemption Shurelya's Reverie Twin Shadows Notes Lux casting Prismatic Barrier to consume Blood Charges . Maximum Blood Charges VFX Healing amplification is applied to the total heal value from the passive. Athene's Unholy Grail grants a minimum total of 50 AP to champions that use mana , as Dissonance grants 20 AP from the item's own mana regeneration. Strategy The Blood Charges allow any champion with shielding or healing capabilities to become a healer but only if they can also deliver damage. Likewise the Blood Charges greatly boosts any healing as long as the healer can contribute to damage done. Being able to do percentual damage greatly increases the generation rate of Blood Charges. Liandry's Torment is a good example. Athene's Unholy Grail , alongside a standard mage-support build of Shard of True Ice , Redemption and Ardent Censer , will grant a total of 400% base mana regen, making Dissonance give you a total of 80 ability power by itself. Trivia The item is named after Athene, a summoner who got 5,000 referrals and is a popular figure in video gaming, most notable for playing World of Warcraft prior to LoL. Athene is an alternative spelling of Athena, the Greek Goddess of battle strategy. Athene's Unholy Grail was codenamed "Chalice of Discord" before its final name was settled upon. This nickname is an ironic contrast to its lesser component item Chalice of Harmony , and is probably intended to highlight the more offensive properties of the item. Development By ByronicHero [1] In the Darius Patch, we'll also be rolling out a new upgrade option to the classic Magic Resistance item Chalice of Harmony. To help keep Chalice a viable item choice late into the game, we wanted to add a late game upgrade aimed specifically at Ability Power carries who might have trouble keeping their Mana high. With that in mind, we've added the option to add some damage stats later in the game by upgrading to Athene's Unholy Grail. The Chalice Conundrum The added Magic Resistance from Chalice of Harmony combined with the heavy Mana Regeneration granted by its unique passive makes it an attractive option for an Ability Power in a disadvantageous position – particularly one that is heavily reliant on the Crest of the Ancient Golem. In the event that you find yourself behind your lane opponent with the enemy team invading your jungle, a timely Chalice can give you the added durability you need to rally. Meanwhile, the rapid Mana Regeneration can function as a sort of surrogate golem buff, allowing even the most heavily Mana reliant caster to continue fighting effectively. Unfortunately, while Chalice of Harmony might be the right item choice to fuel an early game comeback, without any damage stats mage players often sell it as the game wears on or simply avoid buying it altogether. For this reason, we decided to offer the option to pick up a little a little extra bang for your buck by upgrading to Athene's Unholy Grail. My Cup Runneth Over To give Chalice of Harmony the staying power it needs to carry on into late game, we decided to add the option combine it with Fiendish Codex to build Athene's Unholy Grail. With some added Ability Power and Cooldown Reduction, Athene's Unholy Grail can easily function as a core item for mages interested in picking up some additional durability. Moreover, in addition to the passive Mana Regeneration afforded by Chalice of Harmony's unique passive, Athene's Unholy Grail also has the added benefit of granting a significant Mana bonus upon scoring a kill or assist. This can keep an aggressively ganking Ability Power carry topped off and in the field, as well as grant some additional staying power over the course of a protracted team fight. I'll Drink to That! With the addition of a few offensive stats and a new, offensively focused Mana Regeneration mechanic, the new upgrade to Chalice of Harmony should make it a more attractive option for casters early on in the game. Upgrading to Athene's Unholy Grail, can help you convert that early game comeback into late game staying power. 