"You belong in a museum!" This article or section may contain obsolete information, but exists here for historical purposes. This item has been removed on patch V5.22 . Avarice Blade edit Stats +10% critical strike chance Passive Unique – Avarice : Gain 3 per 10 seconds Unique – Greed : Grants 2 upon killing an enemy minion, monster, or champion. Recipe + 400 Cost Sell ID 800 320 3093 Availability Builds into Atma's Impaler Statikk Shiv Youmuu's Ghostblade Menu Attack>Critical Strike Tools>Gold Income Avarice Blade was an epic item in League of Legends . Recipe Avarice Blade 800 ( 400 ) Brawler's Gloves 400 Builds Into Atma's Impaler Statikk Shiv Youmuu's Ghostblade Cost Analysis * 10% critical strike chance = 500 Total Gold Value = 500 Gold efficiency Avarice Blade's base stats were 62. 5 % gold efficient. The item becomes gold efficient if held for at least 16 minutes and 40 seconds after purchase. Each unit kill will reduce the timer by 6. 7 seconds . Similar items Ancient Coin Frostfang Nomad's Medallion Relic Shield Targon's Brace Spellthief's Edge Notes Avarice Blade was the only gold -generating item without the Gold Income passive after the gold generation item change until Avarice Blade was removed, meaning it can be purchased alongside other gold per 10 items. However, only one Avarice Blade can generate gold at a time. Avarice Blade generated enough money to pay for itself in 44 minutes and 26. 4 seconds , assuming that zero unit kills are made. Avarice Blade can be used as an unconventional gold income item. If held for 26 minutes and 40 seconds, this item generates 480 . If Avarice Blade is then sold, it will sell for 320 , meaning that the item will effectively pay for itself. Holding this item for more than 26 minutes and 40 seconds and then selling it will generate income. Avarice Blade's tooltip stated the total gold earned with the item. In the event of no missed last hits , Avarice Blade became gold efficient in 6 minutes and 55 seconds . The gold gained from the Greed passive stacked with other on-kill bonus gold abilities and auras such as Gangplank's Parrrley , Twisted Fate's Loaded Dice and the +3 gold from controlling one altar in Twisted Treeline . Old icons 1st version Trivia The item's description, "Greed is good", could be related to the Warcraft III cheat code for extra gold and lumber "greedisgood". Both instances are based on the quote by the fictional character Gordon Gekko in the American movie Wall Street . The item's image appears to be that of Long Sword , with the addition of a golden glow. 