For the Legends of Runeterra card, see 3 Black Spear (Legends of Runeterra) or 2 Kalista's Black Spear (Legends of Runeterra) . Black Spear edit Active Unique – Oathsworn Bond : After a 3. 5 -second cast time and a 3-second channel afterwards from the user and the target allied champion, both become bound allies. The target is unable to act for 6 seconds after the channel's duration. Afterwards, the target becomes an Oathsworn . Limitations Unavailable after 3 minutes elapse. Only available to Kalista and Sylas . Recipe Cost Sell ID Special No Sell 3599 Availability SR 5v5 HA ARAM Nexus Blitz Arena Black Spear is a starter item in League of Legends for Kalista and Sylas . Cost Analysis Gold Value Total Gold Value = 0 Gold efficiency Black Spear's base stats are Division by zero. % gold efficient. Notes Oathsworn Bond is a unit-targeted effect. Oathsworn Bond's cast breaks stealth . Kalista is offered this item exclusively at the start of the game, and has no gold value. Upon use the item disappears but it can be repurchased at the store until 3:00 for no cost, enabling Kalista to use it on a different allied champion. Sylas can buy this item in the shop for no cost, allowing him to bind to an ally, and so use Fate's Call if he hijacks it from an enemy Kalista . This particular Sylas-exclusive Black Spear has the Item ID 3600 instead. Black Spear remains purchaseable in the shop for Sylas even if his opposing team does not have a Kalista , although the active will be consumed with no effect. Black Spear cannot bind to an allied clone or zombie . Attempting to do so will put the item on a 10-second cooldown. Black Spear can be used on the target even if they are channeling . The channel can be interrupted by crowd control and the user themself (by inputting a movement command) but the bind will still occur regardless. The target will snap their facing direction to the user when Black Spear is activated. They will visually turn to face the user over 2 seconds. The target champion, after the duration of the channel ends, plays their death animation during the 6 seconds after 1. 5 seconds have elapsed. Trivia Black Spear is the very weapon that Hecarim used to kill Kalista , now protruding from her chest. She uses it to link to souls before carrying out their vengeance. Black Spear is among a number of items that had the word "The" removed from their names in patch V9.19 . It was previously known as The Black Spear . Media Channel animation Oathsworn sacrifice Oathsworn link 