Blade of the Ruined King edit Stats +40 attack damage +25% attack speed +8% life steal Passive Unique – Mist's Edge : Basic attacks deal bonus physical damage on-hit equal to ( 12% / 9% ) of the target's current health , with a minimum of 15 against all units and a maximum of 60 against minions and monsters. Unique – Clawing Shadows : Your next basic attack on-hit against an enemy champion is empowered to slow them by ( 30% / 15% ) for 1 second (15 second cooldown). Limitations Limited to 1 Blade of the Ruined King . Recipe + + + 725 Cost Sell ID 3200 2240 3153 Availability SR 5v5 HA ARAM Nexus Blitz Arena Menu Fighter Marksman Attack Damage Attack Speed On-Hit Effects Movement Life Steal & Vamp Keywords brk bork botrk mist Blade of the Ruined King is a legendary item in League of Legends . Recipe Blade of the Ruined King 3200 ( 725 ) Vampiric Scepter 900 ( 550 ) Long Sword 350 Recurve Bow 700 ( 400 ) Dagger 300 Pickaxe 875 Cost Analysis Gold Value 40 attack damage = 1400 25% attack speed = 625 8% life steal = 428. 4 Total Gold Value = 2453. 4 15 on-hit physical damage = 324. 99999 Total Gold Value = 2778. 39999 Gold efficiency Blade of the Ruined King's base stats are 86. 82 % gold efficient. Blade of the Ruined King can become gold efficient if the passive grants a minimum of 34. 458462598722 on-hit damage (This can be achieved if target's current health is 344. 58 or higher for melee, or 574. 31 or higher for ranged) . Similar items Bloodthirster Guinsoo's Rageblade Kraken Slayer Lord Dominik's Regards Nashor's Tooth Wit's End Terminus Runaan's Hurricane Immortal Shieldbow Eclipse Terminus Notes Mist's Edge and Siphon deal proc damage , and thus will not trigger spell effects . Clawing Shadows is not blocked by spell shield . Mist's Edge on-hit damage does not apply to structures . The bonus damage dealt by Mist's Edge benefits from life steal . As a result of on-hit effects only applying their damage before the basic attack's damage, Mist's Edge 's damage will calculate based on the current health of the target before the attack damage is dealt. Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit Attack damage changed to 35. Mist's Edge health ratio changed to ( 10.5% / 8% ) of target's current health . Strategy Blade of the Ruined King is often built on champions that are dependent on basic attacks and want to counter champions with high amounts of health. These same champions also synergize very well with attack speed and thus can apply the bonus damage on-hit quickly. Some champions with abilities that can apply on-hit effects more than once can also make good use of the passive by being able to apply the on-hit damage for every instance. Champions that are not dependent on attack speed but would appreciate the sustain and bonus damage on-hit from the item can purchase it with the synergy of basic attack resets. Most abilities that grant empowered attacks reset the caster's attack timer and so the bonus damage on-hit can be applied twice in quick succession. A majority of those champions also build Spellblade items which means they can definitely make use of the on-hit damage. Some users of Blade of the Ruined King also deal true damage. The common counter to true damage is building health and so due to this the passive will become more effective. Thornmail and Frozen Heart are strong counters to Blade of the Ruined King ; in the former's case, it provides a Grievous Wounds effect that counters the life steal. The latter's case has more armor, an attack speed slow in the form of an aura, and basic attack damage reduction. However, when combined with armor penetration or reduction, the bonus damage on-hit will deal enough damage to take down high health targets quick even if they have armor. Old icons 1st version 2nd version Trivia The Blade of the Ruined King was introduced to the game in 2012, in Patch V1.0.0.150 , with no indication as to who the Ruined King was. Over the years, the lore of the Ruined King would be slowly expanded upon, culminating in the introduction of Viego , the Ruined King. Viego's Blade of the Ruined King is named after this item. Both the item and the ability have almost identical passive effect design. The Blade of the Ruined King is based off of the Zweihänder , a German long sword. The Blade of the Ruined King also has two names it was previously known by, these names being Sanctity and Soulrender. Pentakill's second volume, Pentakill II: Grasp of the Undying , named its tenth track after this item. Media Trigger VFX Movement Speed VFX Old Active VFX Old Slow VFX Sound Effects Passive Triggered Link ▶️ Passive SFX Link ▶️ Passive SFX Link ▶️ Passive SFX 