Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Blitzcrank View in 3D 790 / 01-Sep-2009 Boom Boom Blitzcrank View in 3D 520 / 29-Aug-2010 Piltover Customs Blitzcrank View in 3D 1350 / 07-Mar-2011 iBlitzcrank View in 3D 1350 / 01-Mar-2013 Battle Boss Blitzcrank View in 3D 1350 / 19-Aug-2015 Lancer Rogue Blitzcrank View in 3D 1350 / 16-Nov-2017 Lancer Paragon Blitzcrank View in 3D 1350 / 16-Nov-2017 Space Groove Blitz & Crank View in 3D 1820 / 01-Apr-2021 Zenith Games Blitzcrank View in 3D 1350 / 09-Sep-2022 Beezcrank View in 3D 1350 / 22-Nov-2023 Battle Boss Blitzcrank Chromas Catseye Citrine Pearl Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Beezcrank Chromas Amethyst Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Original Blitzcrank Chromas Cobalt Gunmetal Molten Space Groove Blitz & Crank Chromas Amethyst Catseye Disco Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Zenith Games Blitzcrank Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Legacy Vault Goalkeeper Blitzcrank View in 3D 520 / 24-Jun-2010 Definitely Not Blitzcrank View in 3D 975 / 19-Oct-2011 Riot Blitzcrank View in 3D 975 / 21-Oct-2013 Witch's Brew Blitzcrank View in 3D 1350 / 24-Oct-2019 Witch's Brew Blitzcrank Chromas Aquamarine Catseye Emerald Obsidian Ruby Turquoise Rare & Limited Rusty Blitzcrank View in 3D 520 / 20-Nov-2009 Victorious Blitzcrank View in 3D Special / 16-Nov-2021 Victorious Blitzcrank Chromas Flex Challenger Flex Diamond Flex Grandmaster Flex Master Flex Platinum Solo/Duo Challenger Solo/Duo Diamond Solo/Duo Grandmaster Solo/Duo Master Solo/Duo Platinum Canceled Sewn Chaos Blitzcrank 750 / N/A Screenshots [ ] Goalkeeper Blitzcrank iBlitzcrank Riot Blitzcrank Classic Blitzcrank (Visual VFX Update) Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Grabby Claws Champions hit with Rocket Grab (Q) Overclocked Takedowns on champions within 10s of activating Overdrive (W) Short Circuit Multiple (3+) champion hits with Static Field (R) Get Over Here Champions pulled away from safety (turret or multiple allied champions) with Rocket Grab (Q) The Ol' 01 - 10 Champions hit by Power Fist (E) within 1s of being pulled or silenced Zaun's Protector Champion damage absorbed by Mana Barrier (P) where Blitzcrank survives for 10s Trivia [ ] Original Blitzcrank Chromas: Cobalt,  Gunmetal,  Molten The scene depicts them launching a Rocket Grab . Their very first splash art was directly tweaked for the first splash art of their Rusty skin. Rusty Blitzcrank This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Leopard Nidalee Silverfang Akali It is so far the only non- legacy skin to be removed from the store, most likely due to being a texture away from looking like Original Blitzcrank . Their current splash art was once the second Chinese splash art for their Classic skin. Piltover Customs Blitzcrank This skin shares the Piltover Customs theme with: Hot Rod Corki Piltover Customs Heimerdinger Their license plate reads BLITZY1 . They are the first of the two champions featured by G.A.N.K. Industries, [1] the second being Urfrider Corki . Boom Boom Blitzcrank This skin shares the Day Job theme with: Almost-Prom King Amumu Corporate Mundo Fisherman Fizz French Maid Nidalee Jurassic Cho'Gath ...and others Matador Alistar Prestigious LeBlanc Primetime Draven Prom Queen Annie Scuba Gragas This skin might be referencing Real Steel . Their boxing gloves read LOL ('League of Legends') and PWN (a popularized typo for 'OWN', commonly 'pwned'). Boom Boom Blitzcrank is currently part of the Day Job universe on PC, it's Wild Rift counterpart however has been updated to be part of the Heavy Metal universe. Goalkeeper Blitzcrank This skin shares the Soccer Cup theme with: All-star Akali Goalkeeper Maokai Playmaker Lee Sin Red Card Katarina Red Card Twisted Fate ...and others Striker Ezreal Striker Lucian Superfan Gragas Sweeper Alistar Sweeper Rammus He was released in celebration of the 2010 FIFA World Cup along with: All-star Akali Striker Ezreal Red Card Katarina He is a soccer player in the goalkeeper position. Definitely Not Blitzcrank This skin shares the Definitely Not theme with: Definitely Not Udyr Definitely Not Vel'Koz Draven Draven Furyhorn Cosplay Veigar Overlord Malzahar Pajama Guardian Cosplay Urgot Pengu Cosplay Tristana His skin bio references the film I, Robot . He was released in celebration of Harrowing 2011 along with: FrankenTibbers Annie Bewitching Nidalee Haunting Nocturne iBlitzcrank This skin shares the Program theme with: Program Camille Program LeBlanc Program Lissandra Program Nami Program Soraka They were released in celebration of the Mac version of League of Legends . They have 4 fingers in the artwork but 3 in-game. The skin is a reference to the movie, I, Robot . While not a reference to the Apple Inc. 'iTech' (e.g. iPhone, iPad, and so on), it does share a similar name. Amusingly enough, when Blitzcrank dies, they display the Red Ring of Death , which are red lights that indicate a technical failure in Microsoft 's (Apple's main competitor in the PC market) Xbox 360 game console. They resemble EVE from WALL-E . They can be seen in Program Lissandra's splash art. That means they are a product of the program skins series. Riot Blitzcrank This skin shares the Riot theme with: Riot Graves Riot Kayle Riot Girl Tristana Riot K-9 Nasus Riot Squad Singed Riot Graves can be seen in the background. Along with the other Riot skins , they are obtainable by either meeting a Rioter, attending an official Riot event or through purchase in the store during events in the year of release. [2] For them in particular, they were only obtainable in 2013 events. Mana Barrier is shielding them from Lucian's shots while they have their Power Fist ready. They appear in Riot Kayle's artwork. Their recalling might be referencing Inspector Gadget's Gadget 'Copter . Battle Boss Blitzcrank Chromas: Catseye,  Citrine,  Pearl,  Rainbow,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the Arcade: Battle Bosses theme with: Battle Boss Bel'Veth Battle Boss Brand Battle Boss Malzahar Battle Boss Qiyana Battle Boss Yasuo Battle Boss Ziggs Final Boss Veigar The artwork references classic fighting game loading screens. Their recalling has Blitzcrank withdrawing the cartridge on their back and blowing into it before putting it back in, referencing what was done to video game cartridges when they wouldn't work. They have a cartridge with a symbol of Blitzcrank. This symbol is different depending on his equipped Chroma . Their Catseye chroma has an orb symbol similar to the one Arcade Ahri uses. Their Citrine chroma has a joystick symbol. Their Pearl chroma has a symbol of the sword of Arcade Riven . Their Rainbow chroma has a symbol of the head of Arcade Hecarim . Their Rose Quartz chroma has a symbol that resembles the Wii Remote . Their Ruby chroma has a target indicator symbol. Their Sapphire chroma has a video game controller symbol. Their Turquoise chroma has a star symbol with a rainbow tail, similar to the ones on Arcade Sona . They resemble a Dark Mechawful from Mario & Luigi: Bowser's Inside Story and Infinity Mijinion from Megaman X6 . Static Field references when either Mega Man himself or a Maverick boss dies in Mega Man X . Sewn Chaos Blitzcrank Annie can be seen in the background. This skin was never released by Riot pass the PBE servers due to its low quality. Lancer Paragon Blitzcrank This skin shares the Lancer theme with: Lancer Rogue Blitzcrank Lancer Stratus Wukong Lancer Zero Hecarim This skin represents Lancer Blitzcrank in their hero form, and is the moral opposite of Lancer Rogue Blitzcrank Blitzcrank is the first champion to get two skins in the same patch, as well as the first champion to get two skins within the same skin theme. This skin references the Lancelot Knightmare Frame from the Code Geass series. Lancer Rogue Blitzcrank This skin shares the Lancer theme with: Lancer Paragon Blitzcrank Lancer Stratus Wukong Lancer Zero Hecarim This skin represents Lancer Blitzcrank in their villain form, and is the moral opposite of Lancer Paragon Blitzcrank Blitzcrank is the first champion to get two skins in the same patch, as well as the first champion to get two skins within the same skin theme. This skin references the Zangetsu Knightmare Frame from the Code Geass series. Witch's Brew Blitzcrank Chromas: Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Ruby,  Turquoise This skin shares the Trick-or-Treat theme with: Count Kassadin Count Kledula FrankenTibbers Annie Haunted Zyra Headless Hecarim ...and others Mundo Mundo Nightmare Tryndamere Pumpkin Prince Amumu Ravenborn LeBlanc Trick or Treat Ekko Bewitching Miss Fortune , who created them, can be seen in the background of their splash art. Their eye represents the Eye of Sauron Space Groove Blitz & Crank Chromas: Amethyst,  Catseye,  Disco,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Space Groove theme with: Prestige Space Groove Lulu Space Groove Gragas Space Groove Gwen Space Groove Lissandra Space Groove Lulu ...and others Space Groove Lux Space Groove Nasus Space Groove Nunu & Willump Space Groove Samira Space Groove Teemo The Cats, Blitz & Crank, was inspired by Riot artist Oscar Vega 's Cats, Wi-Fi and Jon Bovi. [3] The music during the dance animation is directly inspired from No Straight Roads by DJ Subatomic Supernova. [4] Victorious Blitzcrank Chromas: Flex Challenger,  Flex Diamond,  Flex Grandmaster,  Flex Master,  Flex Platinum,  Solo/Duo Challenger,  Solo/Duo Diamond,  Solo/Duo Grandmaster,  Solo/Duo Master,  Solo/Duo Platinum This skin shares the Victorious theme with: Victorious Aatrox Victorious Elise Victorious Graves Victorious Janna Victorious Jarvan IV ...and others Victorious Maokai Victorious Orianna Victorious Sejuani Victorious Sivir Victorious Tryndamere Zenith Games Blitzcrank Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Zenith Games theme with: Zenith Games Jayce Zenith Games Lee Sin References [ ] ↑ Urfrider Corki | Skins Trailer - League of Legends ↑ Guide to Legacy and Limited Skins ↑ Space Groove Blitzcrank Inspiration ↑ No Straight Roads - Track DJ Subatomic Supernova