Bloodsong edit "Ah, the roar of the crowd... and blood on the sand." Stats +200 health +75% base health regeneration +75% base mana regeneration + 5 per 10 seconds Active Unique – Ward : Consumes a charge to place a Stealth Ward at the target location, which grants sight of the surrounding area. Charges refill upon visiting the shop (4 charges; 600 range). Passive Unique – Spellblade : After using an ability, your next basic attack within 10 seconds deals 150% base AD bonus physical damage on-hit . If the target is a champion, inflict them with Expose Weakness for 6 seconds, causing them to take ( 10% / 6% ) increased damage from all sources (1. 5 (begins after using the empowered attack) second cooldown). Unique: Receives diminishing gold from excessive minion kills. Limitations Limited to 1 Support / Jungle item. Limited to 1 Spellblade item. Requirements Requires completion of the support quest for Runic Compass , which transforms into Bounty of Worlds afterwards to allow you to upgrade into this item for free. Recipe + 0 Cost Sell ID 400 280 3877 Availability SR 5v5 Menu Supporter Mana & Regeneration Health & Regeneration Bloodsong is a legendary item in League of Legends . It is exclusive to Classic Summoner's Rift 5v5 . Requires completion of the support quest for Runic Compass , which transforms into Bounty of Worlds afterwards to allow you to upgrade into this item for free. Recipe Bloodsong 400 (Special) Bounty of Worlds 400 (Special) Runic Compass 400 (Special) World Atlas 400 Cost Analysis Gold Value 200 health = 533. 33 75% base health regeneration = 225 75% base mana regeneration = 375 Total Gold Value = 1133. 33 Gold efficiency Bloodsong's base stats are 283. 33 % gold efficient. Similar items Celestial Opposition Dream Maker Solstice Sleigh Zaz'Zak's Realmspike Notes Spellblade's Expose Weakness will amplify all damage types, including true damage . Spellblade's triggering attack will benefit from Expose Weakness . "Receives diminishing gold from excessive minion kills" : Before 5 minutes, killing 7 minions or more reduces gold from minion kills by 80%. After 5 minutes, killing 4 minions per minute causes the gold from minion kills to be reduced by 50% − 80% (based on number of minion kills) . This penalty accounts for all champions on a team that have a Support item; every champion with the item will contribute towards hitting the gold penalty. Spellblade deals proc damage , and thus will not trigger spell effects . Spellblade is not blocked by spell shield if applied by a basic attack. It is blocked if the effect is applied by an ability that triggers on-hit effects. Spellblade can be blocked (negates the damage, consumes the effect, and places it on cooldown) and dodged (prevents the effect from triggering altogether). Block will prevent Essence Reaver's mana restore. Spellblade is not affected by critical strike modifiers. Spellblade's bonus damage benefits from life steal , omnivamp , and physical vamp (this one excludes Lich Bane ) but not spell vamp . Spellblade's cooldown starts after the enhanced attack is consumed and consecutive ability casts refresh the duration of the enhanced attack. Spellblade will trigger against structures . Trivia In development this item was called Pit-Bosses' Gauntlets , referencing Sett and his playstyle in the game. [1] . The gauntlet form was kept in the final iteration but with a different theme. Media Ready VFX Attack VFX Expose Weakness VFX 