For its successor, see Mobility Boots . "You belong in a museum!" This article or section may contain obsolete information, but exists here for historical purposes. This item has been removed on patch V10.23 . Boots of Mobility edit Passive Unique – Enhanced Movement : Grants 115 movement speed . Reduces movement speed by 90 for 5 seconds while you are in in-combat . This duration can refresh while staying in-combat. Limitations Limited to 1 Boots item. Recipe + 700 Cost Sell ID 1000 700 3117 Availability Menu Movement>Boots Boots of Mobility was a boots item in League of Legends . Recipe Boots of Mobility 1000 ( 700 ) Boots of Speed 300 Cost Analysis Gold Value 115 flat movement speed = 1380 Total Gold Value = 1380 Gold efficiency Boots of Mobility's base stats were 138% gold efficient. Boots of Mobility are 30% gold efficient while its passive is active. Similar items Berserker's Greaves Boots of Swiftness Ionian Boots of Lucidity Mercury's Treads Ninja Tabi Sorcerer's Shoes Notes When being invulnerable , basic attacks and non- crowd control abilities received will not put you in-combat . Healing and buffing allies does not count as in-combat . Damage over time abilities reset the timer with each tick of damage . Attacking wards does not count as in-combat . Strategy Boots of Mobility is especially useful if you don't have Teleport to switch lanes. Boots of Mobility is good in particular early-mid game on roaming champions such as junglers or mid laners, that want to quickly gank different lanes . They lose most value when team fights start to happen. It also allows for chasing and escaping. Boots of Mobility is very cheap, making it effective on any champion that is constantly returning to base early game and wants a quick and cheap way to return to lane without Teleport . When escaping, remember that poking ( e.g. Ashe's Frost Shot ) will put you in-combat , however, healing yourself or others ( e.g. Janna's Monsoon ) will let you keep the +115 flat movement speed buff. 