The term Bots in League of Legends refers to a computer controlled opponent ( AI - Artificial Intelligence) available in custom games and Co-op vs. AI matches. Bots can have either "intro", "beginner" or "intermediate" AI. Intro bots aren't available to use in custom games and are exclusive to Co-op vs. AI , as well as some bot champions can't be chosen in custom games while being available in co-op vs. AI. On January 24, 2012, it was announced that the bot system would be expanded with more bots, better intelligence and availability on the Crystal Scar. On February 1, 2012, the system was released. [1] On April 15, 2014, an update to the bot AI was released, primarily improving threat evaluation and the ability to dodge skillshots, as well as updating the item builds used. [2] In V6.3 and V6.4 Riot added more bots to the bot roster [3] now available only in co-op vs AI, which were temporarily available to choose in custom games on the PBE server. It has never been implemented in the live servers. Contents 1 Available Bots 2 Removed Bots 3 Tutorial Bots 4 Bot playstyle 4.1 Runes 4.2 Items 4.3 Ability Ranking Order 4.4 Trivia 4.5 Gameplay 4.6 Co-op vs. AI Responses 5 Patch History 6 References Available Bots [ ] 59 of 167 (35.33%) champions are available as bots. Co-op vs. AI and Custom Game Alistar Amumu Annie Ashe Blitzcrank Brand Caitlyn Cassiopeia Cho'Gath Darius Dr. Mundo Ezreal Galio Garen Graves Jax Karthus Kayle Kog'Maw Leona Lucian Lux Malphite Master Yi Miss Fortune Morgana Nasus Nidalee Rammus Renekton Ryze Shen Shyvana Sivir Soraka Taric Tristana Trundle Warwick Wukong Veigar Vladimir Ziggs Zilean Zyra Co-op vs. AI only (not available in Custom Game ) Ahri Jinx Katarina Nami Nocturne Olaf Orianna Sion Teemo Vayne Invasion Cho'Gath Kha'Zix Kog'Maw Rek'Sai Skarner Vel'Koz Odyssey: Extraction Kayn Kha'Zix Kog'Maw Skarner Vel'Koz Tutorial Ahri Alistar Ashe Annie Blitzcrank Brand Braum Darius Ezreal Galio Jinx Lux Malphite Master Yi Miss Fortune Morgana Nasus Renekton Sion Sivir Shen Soraka Taric Vel'Koz Yasuo Doom Bots Amumu as Emumu Annie as Goth Annie Blitzcrank as Definitely Not Blitzcrank Brand as Zombie Brand Cho'Gath as Jurassic Cho'Gath Ezreal as Pulsefire Ezreal Fiddlesticks as Pumpkinhead Fiddlesticks Fiddlesticks as Spectral Fiddlesticks Galio as Gatekeeper Galio Heimerdinger as Alien Invader Heimerdinger Karthus as Grim Reaper Karthus Leona as Iron Solari Leona Lulu as Wicked Lulu Lux as Imperial Lux Lux as Sorceress Lux Malzahar as Overlord Malzahar Morgana as Bewitching Morgana Morgana as Blade Mistress Morgana Ryze as Dark Crystal Ryze Tristana as Bewitching Tristana Udyr as Black Belt Udyr Udyr as Primal Udyr Veigar as Superb Villain Veigar Wukong as Underworld Wukong Wukong as Volcanic Wukong Yasuo as Blood Moon Yasuo Ziggs as Mad Scientist Ziggs Ziggs as Master Arcanist Ziggs Zyra as Haunted Zyra Wild Rift Akali Ahri Alistar Amumu Annie Ashe Aurelion Sol Blitzcrank Braum Camille Dr. Mundo Evelynn Ezreal Fiora Fizz Garen Gragas Graves Janna Jarvan IV Jax Jhin Jinx Lux Malphite Master Yi Miss Fortune Nami Nasus Olaf Orianna Shyvana Singed Sona Soraka Tryndamere Twisted Fate Varus Vayne Vi Xin Zhao Yasuo Zed Ziggs Irelia Lulu Riven Removed Bots [ ] 15 of 167 (8.98%) champions no longer have bot support. Bots are removed from the bot pools either when a champion receives a rework or they contain bugs that make the bots unusable. Below is a list of removed bots: Fiddlesticks Gangplank Heimerdinger Nunu Malzahar Pantheon Swain Volibear Xerath Tutorial Bots [ ] In the old removed tutorial you only fight against a Trundle Bot. In Tutorial Part 1 you will fight against Sion Bot, Yasuo Bot, Vel'Koz Bot, Jinx Bot and Braum Bot. In your Team are (based on your chosen champ) Miss Fortune Bot, Darius Bot, Master Yi Bot, Lux Bot and Ahri Bot. In Tutorial Part 2 you will fight with Sivir Bot, Blitzcrank Bot, Soraka Bot and Shen Bot against Annie Bot, Malphite Bot, Nasus Bot, Blitzcrank Bot and Sivir Bot. In Tutorial Part 3 you will fight with Taric Bot, Renekton Bot, Ashe Bot and Brand Bot against Ezreal Bot, Nasus Bot, Alistar Bot, Galio Bot and Morgana Bot. Bot playstyle [ ] Runes [ ] Beginner bots and intermediate bots use 1 of 4 default rune sets. Rune set Champion Precision: The Perfect Press the Attack Triumph Legend: Alacrity Coup de Grace Celerity Gathering Storm Ashe Caitlyn Jax Jinx Kayle Kog'Maw Lucian Master Yi Miss Fortune Sivir Tristana Vayne Yasuo Domination: The Executioner Electrocute Cheap Shot Ghost Poro Ravenous Hunter Triumph Coup de Grace Akali Fizz Gangplank Graves Katarina Nidalee Nocturne Pantheon Xin Zhao Sorcery: The Calamity Arcane Comet Manaflow Band Transcendence Gathering Storm Eyeball Collection Relentless Hunter Ahri Annie Brand Cassiopeia Cho'Gath Ezreal Fiddlesticks Jhin Karthus Lux Malzahar Morgana Nami Orianna Ryze Soraka Swain Teemo Veigar Vladimir Ziggs Zilean Zyra Resolve: The Colossus Grasp of the Undying Demolish Second Wind Overgrowth Nullifying Orb Scorch Alistar Amumu Blitzcrank Darius Dr. Mundo Galio Garen Irelia Jarvan IV Leona Malphite Nasus Nunu Olaf Rammus Renekton Shen Shyvana Sion Taric Trundle Volibear Warwick Wukong Inspiration: The Timeless Unsealed Spellbook Perfect Timing Biscuit Delivery Cosmic Insight Second Wind Overgrowth None Items [ ] As of V11.3 bots build items based off of the recommended items tab , which is a system that updates as players build differently. Historically bots had a set build path and would buy the same items every game. Starting Items Core Items In this table you can see what items the bots buy first. Bots always buy the same items. Summoners Rift Champion 1 2 Alistar 2x Blitzcrank 2x Dr. Mundo 1x Fiddlesticks 1x Graves 1x Katarina 4x Kog'Maw 1x Lucian 1x Morgana 2x Nami 2x Rammus 1x Sion 1x Volibear 1x Wukong 1x In this table you can see the first 3 core items the bot use. Bots always buy the same items in the same order. In the most bot games you will not see more than the 3 core items. Summoners Rift Champion 1 2 3 Alistar Blitzcrank Dr. Mundo Fiddlesticks Graves Katarina Kog'Maw Lucian Morgana Nami Rammus Sion Volibear Wukong Ability Ranking Order [ ] In this table you can see in which order the bots rank up their abilities. On level 6,11 and 16 the bots always upgrade their ultimate. Champion 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 Ahri Akali Alistar Amumu Annie Brand Blitzcrank Cassiopeia Cho'Gath Dr. Mundo Ezreal Fizz Galio Gangplank Garen Graves Heimerdinger Irelia Jax Jhin Jinx Katarina Karthus Kog'Maw Leona Lux Nami Nidalee Nocturne Nunu Malphite Miss Fortune Olaf Orianna Pantheon Renekton Ryze Sion Swain Taric Teemo Trundle Vayne Veigar Vladimir Volibear Warwick Xin Zhao Zilean Trivia [ ] Games in Intro Bots grant 25% summoner spell cooldown reduction. All bots would put a Warding Totem in the past [4] , but its no longer implemented. In the first part of the Tutorial, Sion Bot does not collide with champions nor walls with his ultimate Unstoppable Onslaught , and thus also cannot stun the player. In the first part of the Tutorial, Lux Bot will always use her Prismatic Barrier and ignores the logic for the normal Lux Bot . Zilean Bot can't use Time in a Bottle . This ability had no active option before the update. Only Jax Bot can use a Warding Totem . He will use it for his Leap Strike . Riot exclusively created a Braum Bot for the new tutorial. They didn't implement him for normal matches. Bots on Summoners Rift always go to the center of the base at the beginning, but bots on Twisted Treeline do not. Only Bots on Twisted Treeline can use Teleport . Some Bots use different ability builds based on the map. On Twisted Treeline: Soraka Bot does nothing if her health is under 50%. On Twisted Treeline: Ezreal Bot and Renekton Bot can go AFK if they are on the red team. The reason for this is unknown. Ryze Bot has a rare bug that always let him spam his Q. He will no longer move or use other abilities. Ryze Bot will sometimes run in the tower without a minion. On Twisted Treeline: Galio Bot can't use his Ultimate. Bots in the first part of the tutorial can orbwalk (meaning they move in random directions when they can't autoattack). Other bots can kite (keep the distance from their targets), but stand still instead of moving in random directions. Gameplay [ ] If you want to see how the bots play the game click on the link you want. Summoners Rift V1 | Recorded between August 2017 and November 2017 Hide Show Champion Summoners Rift V1 Alistar Alistar Bot Amumu Amumu Bot Annie Annie Bot Ashe Ashe Bot Blitzcrank Blitzcrank Bot Brand Brand Bot Caitlyn Caitlyn Bot Cassiopeia Cassiopeia Bot Cho'Gath Cho'Gath Bot Darius Darius Bot Dr. Mundo Dr. Mundo Bot Ezreal Ezreal Bot Galio Galio Bot Garen Garen Bot Graves Graves Bot Irelia Irelia Bot Jarvan IV Jarvan IV Bot Jax Jax Bot Karthus Karthus Bot Kayle Kayle Bot Leona Leona Bot Lucian Lucian Bot Lux Lux Bot Malphite Malphite Bot Master Yi Master Yi Bot Miss Fortune Miss Fortune Bot Morgana Morgana Bot Nasus Nasus Bot Nidalee Nidalee Bot Nunu Nunu Bot Rammus Rammus Bot Renekton Renekton Bot Ryze Ryze Bot Shen Shen Bot Shyvana Shyvana Bot Sivir Sivir Bot Soraka Soraka Bot Swain Swain Bot Taric Taric Bot Tristana Tristana Bot Trundle Trundle Bot Udyr Udyr Bot Veigar Veigar Bot Vladimir Vladimir Bot Warwick Warwick Bot Wukong Wukong Bot Xin Zhao Xin Zhao Bot Ziggs Ziggs Bot Zilean Zilean Bot Summoners Rift V2 | Recorded between February 2018 and May 2018 Hide Show Champion Summoners Rift V2 Alistar Alistar Bot Amumu Amumu Bot Amumu (V1.1) Amumu Bot Annie Annie Bot Ashe Ashe Bot Ashe (V1.1) Ashe Bot Blitzcrank Blitzcrank Bot Blitzcrank (V1.1) Blitzcrank Bot Brand Brand Bot Caitlyn Caitlyn Bot Caitlyn (V1.1) Caitlyn Bot Cassiopeia Cassiopeia Bot Cho'Gath Cho'Gath Bot Darius Darius Bot Dr. Mundo Dr. Mundo Bot Dr. Mundo (V1.1) Dr. Mundo Bot Ezreal Ezreal Bot Ezreal (V2) Ezreal Bot Fiddlesticks Fiddlesticks Bot Galio Galio Bot Garen Garen Bot Graves Graves Bot Irelia Irelia Bot Jax Jax Bot Jax (V1.1) Jax Bot Karthus Karthus Bot Kayle Kayle Bot Kayle (V2) Kayle Bot Kog'Maw Kog'Maw Bot Leona Leona Bot Lucian Lucian Bot Lux Lux Bot Malphite Malphite Bot Malphite (V1.1) Malphite Bot Master Yi Master Yi Bot Miss Fortune Miss Fortune Bot Morgana Morgana Bot Morgana (V2) Morgana Bot Nasus Nasus Bot Nidalee Nidalee Bot Nunu Nunu Bot Rammus Rammus Bot Renekton Renekton Bot Renekton (V1.1) Renekton Bot Ryze Ryze Bot Ryze (V1.1) Ryze Bot Shen Shen Bot Shyvana Shyvana Bot Sivir Sivir Bot Soraka Soraka Bot Swain Swain Bot Taric Taric Bot Tristana Tristana Bot Trundle Trundle Bot Udyr Udyr Bot Veigar Veigar Bot Veigar (V1.1) Veigar Bot Vladimir Vladimir Bot Warwick Warwick Bot Wukong Wukong Bot Wukong (V1.1) Wukong Bot Xin Zhao Xin Zhao Bot Ziggs Ziggs Bot Ziggs (V1.1) Ziggs Bot Zilean Zilean Bot Zyra Zyra Bot Twisted Treeline V1 | Recorded between July 2018 and September 2018 Hide Show Champion Twisted Treeline V1 Alistar Alistar Bot Amumu Amumu Bot Amumu (V1.1) Amumu Bot Annie Annie Bot Ashe Ashe Bot Ashe (V1.1) Ashe Bot Blitzcrank Blitzcrank Bot Blitzcrank (V1.1) Blitzcrank Bot Brand Brand Bot Caitlyn Caitlyn Bot Caitlyn (V1.1) Caitlyn Bot Cassiopeia Cassiopeia Bot Cho'Gath Cho'Gath Bot Darius Darius Bot Dr. Mundo Dr. Mundo Bot Dr. Mundo (V1.1) Dr. Mundo Bot Ezreal Ezreal Bot Ezreal (V2) Ezreal Bot Fiddlesticks Fiddlesticks Bot Galio Galio Bot Garen Garen Bot Graves Graves Bot Irelia Irelia Bot Jax Jax Bot Jax (V1.1) Jax Bot Karthus Karthus Bot Kayle Kayle Bot Kayle (V2) Kayle Bot Kog'Maw Kog'Maw Bot Leona Leona Bot Lucian Lucian Bot Lux Lux Bot Malphite Malphite Bot Malphite (V1.1) Malphite Bot Master Yi Master Yi Bot Miss Fortune Miss Fortune Bot Morgana Morgana Bot Morgana (V2) Morgana Bot Nasus Nasus Bot Nidalee Nidalee Bot Nunu Nunu Bot Rammus Rammus Bot Renekton Renekton Bot Renekton (V1.1) Renekton Bot Ryze Ryze Bot Ryze (V1.1) Ryze Bot Shen Shen Bot Shyvana Shyvana Bot Sivir Sivir Bot Soraka Soraka Bot Taric Taric Bot Tristana Tristana Bot Trundle Trundle Bot Udyr Udyr Bot Veigar Veigar Bot Veigar (V1.1) Veigar Bot Vladimir Vladimir Bot Warwick Warwick Bot Wukong Wukong Bot Wukong (V1.1) Wukong Bot Ziggs Ziggs Bot Ziggs (V1.1) Ziggs Bot Zilean Zilean Bot Zyra Zyra Bot Co-op vs. AI Responses [ ] Champion Game start Player win Player lose Alistar Who's ready to lock horns with me?! You are strong! GG! Amumu Would you like to be friends? Let's play again some time! GG! Annie Hi! My friend Tibbers wants to meet you... C'mon Tibbers, let's play one more. GG! Ashe Do your ancestors proud. A battle worthy of Frejlord. GG! Blitzcrank Loading. Recommend program: Enjoy Selves. My face is leaking. GG! Brand This world will be consumed in flames! This is not the end... GG! Caitlyn The Sheriff's in town. Sharp shooting, everyone. GG! Cassiopeia I just can't wait to face you. I'll keep an eye out for you next time. GG! Cho'Gath I will devour all disgusting humans! Guess you had the last bite. GG! Darius Strength will prevail! You have proven your strength. GG! Dr. Mundo Mundo happy to meet you! Mundo win? GG! Ezreal Ready for the best? I let you guys off easy! GG! Fiddlesticks The crows are circling... Why aren't you afraid?! GG! Galio An honor to face you! Your success is well deserved. GG! Garen Prepare to face Demacian Justice! Well fought! GG! Graves This calls for the ol' double-barreled "hello. End of the line. GG! Irelia I fight for Ionia! We defended to the last! GG! Jarvan IV Meet me in battle... and hold nothing back. You have won this day. GG! Jax Who wants a piece of the champ? Imagine if I had a real weapon! GG! Karthus Let me show you an alternative to life. You have earned a page in my book. GG! Kayle You shall be judged. Stay true in victory and defeat. GG! Kog'Maw Oooh, tasties! Still hungry... GG! Leona Day breaks upon the battlefield! Alas, the sun sets once again. GG! Lux Let's have a brilliant battle! There is always light in the darkness. GG! Malphite Let's rock. Well pebbles. GG! Malzahar Your fate cannot be avoided! The Void will never accept defeat. GG! Maokai Do not defy nature! So this is what they call getting stumped. GG! Master Yi We shall see which way our paths lead. Your skills were superior! GG! MF Who will fortune favor today? Don't get cocky. I'll be back! GG! Morgana I will bring you all pain! I will never give up... GG! Nasus We begin a new cycle! The wheel never stops turning. GG! Nidalee I love playing cat and mouse. I see you're no stranger to the wild. GG! Nunu Here we go! This was a lot of fun. GG! Rammus Ok. Ok! GG! Renekton I'll leave you all in pieces! One day, you will suffer! GG! Ryze I will show you arcane magic. You show promise! GG! Shen The ever-watchful Eye is upon you. Balance favors you... this time. GG! Shyvana I love the quiet before battle. Dragons have no remorse. GG! Sion Some heads will roll. We'll be back. GG! Sivir Think you can dodge my blade? A great battle! GG! Sona :) :( GG! Soraka Fight without hatred in your hearts! May the stars remember this day! GG! Swain Bear witness to the strength of Noxus! Your tactics were cunning! GG! Taric I've got just the gem for this occasion. Outrageous. GG! Tristana Ready for some fireworks? Well, I had a blast! GG! Trundle I got all prettied up for this fight! Don't start trollin me, please. GG! Udyr What technique do you use? Your form is excellent! GG! Veigar This will be a short game! Wait... No! No! No! This isn't over! GG! Vladimir I sincerely hope you're pumped for this. You are truly the vessels of my destruction! GG! Warwick I can smell your fear! Time to run! GG! Wukong Give it your all! Every mistake is a lesson. GG! Xerath Observe power in its purest form! Your power is...formidable... GG! Xin Zhao True warriors are born on the battlefield! My spirit remains unbroken! GG! Yorick We shall rise to this challenge. Victory... slips away. GG! Ziggs Gotta go yeah go now start yeah boom! No no no no, I got my fuses crossed. GG! Zilean I feel like I've done this before. Hmmm, if I remember correctly, we'll win the next one. GG! Patch History [ ] V11.3 Bots now build items based off of the recommended items tab. V10.7 Fiddlesticks Bot removed. V10.1 Annie Bot can now use her Molten Shield V9.23 Bots now use the new support items. Bots now use Righteous Glory . V9.22 Updated all Bot item builds for Summoners Rift. Updated all Bot ability builds. V9.16 Pantheon Bot removed V9.10 Yasuo Bot removed ( Co-op vs. AI only). Bots can now use Quicksilver Sash and Mercurial Scimitar . V9.7 Kayle Bot re-added with the default rune set changed from Sorcery: The Calamity to Precision: The Perfect . In Co-op vs. AI : Fixed a bug that the bot names in the chat messages were false. V9.5 Morgana Bot updated Kayle Bot removed V8.20 Ezreal Bot updated V8.18 The second Toplane Bot is no longer inactive in Co-op vs. AI . V8.17 Nunu Bot removed V8.15 Akali Bot removed V8.13 Bots can no longer purchase Banner of Command , since it has been removed from the game. V8.9 Shyvana Bot no longer becomes dormant while in Dragon form. Rammus Bot no longer becomes dormant while in Q - Power Ball. V8.7 Irelia Bot removed V8.3 Swain Bot removed V7.6 Galio Bot updated V7.2 Warwick Bot updated V6.5 Sion Bot updated V6.4 The following bots have been added: Ahri Akali Fizz Heimerdinger Jinx Katarina Nami Nocturne Orianna Pantheon Vayne V6.3 The following bots have been added: Gangplank Jhin Olaf Teemo Volibear Yasuo V5.8 Ryze Bot updated V4.18 Soraka Bot updated V4.12 Intro is now the default level of Co-op vs. AI for new players. Players above Summoner Level 10 will receive reduced IP/XP rewards and can't earn their First Win of the Day bonus from the Intro Bots queue. V4.11 Beginner bots in Co-op vs AI matches will always play from red side. V4.8 Removed Sion Bot V4.7 Intermediate bots can now be added to custom games. All bots are available in custom games. Intermediate bots will now use Flash both offensively and defensively. V4.5 Improved evaluation of enemy and friendly strength. Improved understanding of tower mechanics and power. Improved behaviours while under high threat. Improved lane rotation decision making. Improved last hitting with auto-attacks both when farming normally and when pushing. Lane behaviors (harassing vs. farming, etc) are now more in line with human behaviors. Bots now attempt to dodge some skill shots. Beginner bots now build recommended items, while Intermediate bots now make more advanced item choices. Bots now scan their surroundings at variable rates depending on difficulty setting and in-game threat level. V3.02 Shen bot will no longer do nothing which occurred when the target of Stand United was killed while Shen was channeling. V3.01 Added Jarvan IV Bot for all Co-op vs AI maps. Bots may now make chat messages. Improved retreat logic for bots with dashes. V1.0.0.154 Added Darius Bot for all Co-op vs AI maps. Bots are more likely to use items with actives. V1.0.0.151 Twisted Treeline bots should now favor defending their base over taking altars. Twisted Treeline bots no longer get stuck at the summoning platform when an inhibitor is under attack. Custom game Summoner's Rift bots now use the same push logic as beginner Co-op vs. AI bots, which should address several issues of bots getting stuck on the map. Added a pathing workaround to prevent Summoner's Rift bots from getting trapped in certain areas of the map (e.g. Baron pit). Battle Training bots should no longer get stuck during the tutorial. V1.0.0.150 Cho'Gath Bot will now increase the damage of Vorpal Spikes when he levels it up. Veigar Bot will now appear on intermediate difficulty in Co-op vs AI for all maps. Fixed a bug where Summoner's Rift bots would occasionally get stuck on the summoning platform after respawn if enemy champions were nearby. Fixed a bug where Kayle Bot would idle while trying to attack enemy minions. Bots now properly factor untargetable enemy turrets in threat calculations, making it harder to get them stuck between towers. V1.0.0.149 Intermediate bots now have a chance to use a random skin. V1.0.0.144 Custom game bots now lane properly when allied players are jungling. Battle Training: Soraka Bot and Nasus Bot will no longer get stuck. V1.0.0.143 Changed the way bots evaluate towers to better take into account minions and enemies. Changed return to base logic for bots to make them more likely to heal and purchase items. Dominion bots should now properly ignore invisible units when deciding to defend capture points. Beginner bots are now less likely to assist each other during kill and retreat situations. Bot assist logic now works during the laning phase. Updated Ashe Bot's item build. Master Yi Bot should now properly purchase Sanguine Blade on Dominion instead of The Bloodthirster . V1.0.0.142 Bots are now more likely to use abilities while retreating. Bots now properly retreat in their base to the summoning platform instead of getting stuck between the nexus turrets. Bots no longer forget they are being chased. Malzahar Bot no longer occasionally cancels Nether Grasp . Re-enabled Alistar Bot . Custom game bots now adjust to players' initial laning decisions before the first minion wave spawns. V1.0.0.141 Added Alistar and Dr. Mundo to the bot roster. Intermediate bots will now sell their Doran's items to buy an additional item after completing their builds. Beginner bots will no longer purchase elixirs. Updated several bots' item builds. V1.0.0.140 Bots will no longer kill themselves by chasing enemies onto the summoning platform. Fixed a bug where Ashe Bot would occasionally get stuck toggling Frost Shot repeatedly. Fixed a bug where Shen Bot did not learn all of his abilities. Fixed a bug where bots would use Cleanse on knockup and knockback abilities. V1.0.0.139 Changed Soraka Bot's Wish logic to help all allies instead of just those near her. Changed logic for Master Yi Bot's use of Meditate . Fixed a bug where Dominion bots would prematurely break counter-channel attempts on neutral points. Fixed a bug where Caitlyn Bot did not learn all of her skills. V1.0.0.138 Added Sion and Vladimir to the bot roster. Improved bots' target acquisition while near enemy towers to reduce the amount of tower diving. Improved bots' logic for assisting each other. Bots now properly purchase elixirs after finishing their item builds. Fixed a bug where bots would sometimes randomly path toward the enemy base. V1.0.0.136 Improved cast logic on ultimates for Caitlyn Bot and Lux Bot . Fixed a bug where bots in Dominion would sometimes idle under enemy capture points. V1.0.0.135 Added Blitzcrank to the bot roster. Improved bots' ability to last hit and reduced how much they push their lanes. Reduced the amount of gold given to bots on Summoner's Rift intermediate. Added the ability for bots to call for help from nearby bots. Improved the precision of skillshots and ground targeted AoE abilities. Minor bug fixes with Leona Bot , Lux Bot , and Shyvana Bot . V1.0.0.134 Added Ezreal , Master Yi , Nasus , Nidalee , and Ziggs to the bot roster. Players can now add many more of the beginner bots to Custom Games. Improved Ashe Bot's use of Enchanted Crystal Arrow on long range targets. Sivir Bot will no longer get Sanguine Blade on Summoner's Rift. Changed the disconnect adjustment to remove the Fighter instead of the Tank on Summoner's Rift. V1.0.0.133 Rise of the Bot Army: Players can now queue to play against a much wider roster of champions in Co-op versus AI. More bots added. V1.0.0.132 Bottom and top lane champions switched. The AD carry and support now go to the bottom lane while the tank and bruiser AI go to the top lane. V1.0.0.111 NEW Co-op vs. AI: This mode pits a team of all human players against a team of all AI bots on Summoner's Rift. The following bots are enabled for Co-op vs. AI: Annie , Ashe , Cho'Gath , Miss Fortune , Nunu , Renekton , Ryze , Shen , Soraka , Taric , Trundle , and Warwick . V1.0.0.110 New Custom Game bots: Annie , Malphite , Nasus , and Shen . Removed Custom Game bots: Alistar , Nunu , and Ryze . V1.0.0.102 Swain Bot added Removed Sona Bot, because she was not planned to be a bot and used only auto attacks. V1.0.0.101 Added Sona Bot V1.0.0.99 Bots will now properly respond to taunts. V0.9.25.21 Bots are now properly labeled at the difficulties of "new player" and "easy". May 9, 2009 Patch You can now add Master Yi Bot and Ryze Bot to custom games. References [ ] ↑ "The New Bots have Arrived!" ↑ "Making a More Human Bot" ↑ New AI was announced. ↑ "Now AI places wards on PBE" Gameplay Elements Targeting Types Auto ( Passive · Self ) · Direction · Location · Unit · Proximity · Vector ( Collision · Radius ) Unit types Champion · Minion · Monster · Pets · Structures ( Turret · Inhibitor · Nexus ) Effect types Ability effects · Attack effects ( On-hit ) · Area of effect · Damage over time · Heal · Multi-hit · Redirected damage · Shield · Single-targeted Ability types Attached · Aura · Blink · Buff · Channel · Combat status · Crowd control · Damage ( Ability · Basic · Magic · Physical · True · Nexus Obelisk · Execution ) · Dash · Debuff · Invulnerability · Pet · Projectile · Sight · Spell shield · Stealth · Tether · Untargetability · Ward