Bounty of Worlds edit "Open it up! See what's inside!" Stats +100 health +50% base health regeneration +50% base mana regeneration + 5 per 10 seconds Active Unique – Ward : Consumes a charge to place a Stealth Ward at the target location, which grants sight of the surrounding area. Charges refill upon visiting the shop (4 charges; 600 range). Passive Unique – Upgrade : You have completed the support quest and can now upgrade this item, Bounty of Worlds , for free into Bloodsong , Celestial Opposition , Dream Maker , Solstice Sleigh , or Zaz'Zak's Realmspike by selecting one of them from a custom menu in the HUD or the shop. The upgrade can be done outside the shop using the menu. Unique: Receives diminishing gold from excessive minion kills. Limitations Limited to 1 Support / Jungle item. Requirements Requires completion of the support quest for Runic Compass , which transforms into this item afterwards to grant you access to the Upgrade effect. Recipe + 0 Cost Sell ID 400 280 3867 Availability SR 5v5 Builds into Bloodsong Celestial Opposition Dream Maker Solstice Sleigh Zaz'Zak's Realmspike Menu Supporter Mana & Regeneration Health & Regeneration Bounty of Worlds is a legendary item in League of Legends . It is exclusive to Classic Summoner's Rift 5v5 . Requires completion of the support quest for Runic Compass , which transforms into this item afterwards to grant you access to the Upgrade effect. Recipe Bounty of Worlds 400 (Special) Runic Compass 400 (Special) World Atlas 400 Builds Into Bloodsong Celestial Opposition Dream Maker Solstice Sleigh Zaz'Zak's Realmspike Cost Analysis Gold Value 100 health = 266. 67 50% base health regeneration = 150 50% base mana regeneration = 250 Total Gold Value = 666. 67 Gold efficiency Bounty of Worlds' base stats are 166. 67 % gold efficient. Notes While in combat, the menu in the HUD for Upgrade is disabled. "Receives diminishing gold from excessive minion kills" : Before 5 minutes, killing 7 minions or more reduces gold from minion kills by 80%. After 5 minutes, killing 4 minions per minute causes the gold from minion kills to be reduced by 50% − 80% (based on number of minion kills) . This penalty accounts for all champions on a team that have a Support item; every champion with the item will contribute towards hitting the gold penalty. Media Item Upgraded VFX HUD Upgrade Menu 