Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Braum View in 3D 880 / 11-May-2014 Dragonslayer Braum View in 3D 975 / 11-May-2014 El Tigre Braum View in 3D 1350 / 21-Jan-2015 Braum Lionheart View in 3D 750 / 07-Dec-2015 Crime City Braum View in 3D 1350 / 23-Aug-2018 Sugar Rush Braum View in 3D 1350 / 17-Dec-2019 Pool Party Braum View in 3D 1350 / 09-Jun-2021 Crime City Braum Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sandstone Tanzanite Dragonslayer Braum Chromas Amethyst Catseye Emerald Fan Pass LCS LEC LPL Obsidian Pearl Sandstone Pool Party Braum Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Obsidian Peridot Rose Quartz Ruby Sandstone Sugar Rush Braum Chromas Catseye Citrine Obsidian Pearl Peridot Rose Quartz Ruby Sweet Tooth Legacy Vault Santa Braum View in 3D 1350 / 14-Dec-2016 Screenshots [ ] Classic Braum Dragonslayer Braum El Tigre Braum Mafia Braum Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Cold Claps Champions stunned with Concussive Blows (P) Harm Rejected Damage blocked with Unbreakable (E) Runaway Fjord Multiple (2+) champion hits with Glacial Fissure (R) Braum is Here! Champion Attacks or Abilities blocked by Unbreakable (E) after leaping toward an allied champion with Stand Behind Me (W) Feel The Love Champion damage mitigated by resistances gained from Stand Behind Me (W) It Is Easy, See? Champions hit with Winter's Bite (Q) at greater than 75% of max range Trivia [ ] Original Braum The splash art, along with Dragonslayer Braum splash, are the only Braum splashes without a Poro The titular 'Trials of the Poro ' will occasionally walk on his shield when he's moving as well as join Braum in his jokes. A non-mustached Poro will also occasionally feature. Dragonslayer Braum Chromas: Amethyst,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Fan Pass,  LCS,  LEC,  LPL,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Sandstone This skin shares the Dragon World theme with: Dragon Sorceress Zyra Dragon Trainer Lulu Dragonslayer Diana Dragonslayer Jarvan IV Dragonslayer Kayle ...and others Dragonslayer Trundle Dragonslayer Twitch Dragonslayer Vayne Dragonslayer Xin Zhao Scarlet Hammer Poppy The splash art, along with Original Braum splash, are the only Braum splashes without a Poro . The Poros he feeds a Poro-Snax will grow an orange mustache. When joking he will place his head inside his dragon-shield's mouth, referencing lion tamers . His shield resembles Deathwing from World of Warcraft (albeit with an altered jaw and different color scheme) as well as the Dragonfire shield from RuneScape . El Tigre Braum This skin shares the Luchador theme with: El León Gnar El Macho Mundo El Rayo Volibear He resembles the Japanese wrestler Tiger Mask . In the Latin American server his voiceover slightly changes to reference Lucha libre . This skin was preceded by a fan concept complete with a folding chair for a shield. Braum Lionheart This skin shares the Rift Quest theme with: Bard Bard Demolisher Nunu & Willump Gragas Caskbreaker Lord Darius Rageborn Mundo ...and others Rugged Garen Ryze Whitebeard Sejuani Dawnchaser Twitch Shadowfoot Varus Swiftbolt He was released along with: Gragas Caskbreaker Ryze Whitebeard Varus Swiftbolt He references the traditional tabletop role-playing game and even Richard I of England (also known as 'the Lionheart') Coincidentally, Braum resembles his Demacian self from development. He is wearing the Glacial Shroud around his waist. The 'Lionheart' concept was originally created a few years ago for Leona . Santa Braum This skin shares the Snowdown Showdown theme with: Candy Cane Miss Fortune Festive Maokai Happy Elf Teemo Mistletoe LeBlanc Nutcracko ...and others Re-Gifted Amumu Santa Draven Santa Gragas Snow Bunny Nidalee Workshop Nunu & Willump He was released in celebration of Snowdown Showdown 2016 along with: Snow Day Graves Winter Wonder Karma He references Santa Claus . This is also his first skin where he has a beard. The lead Poro from his recalling's sleigh references Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer . Crime City Braum Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sandstone,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Crime City theme with: Crime City Graves Crime City Jinx Crime City Miss Fortune Crime City Twitch Gragas, Esq. Knockout Lee Sin It may have been inspired by the Safebreaker Braum concept. His facial hair and mustache bears some resemblance to Alex Louis Armstrong from Fullmetal Alchemist . This is also the first skin where he has hair. His Ruby chroma has yellow facial hair, making the resemblance a bit closer. During his recall, he uses the lock manipulation technique to open the safe door. Sugar Rush Braum Chromas: Catseye,  Citrine,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Peridot,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sweet Tooth This skin shares the Sugar Rush theme with: Bittersweet Lulu Candy King Ivern Dark Candy Fiddlesticks Lollipoppy Sugar Rush Evelynn Sugar Rush Ziggs Sugar Rush Zilean Sugar Rush Evelynn , Lollipoppy , Gum Drop Poro's , and Sugar Rush Ziggs can be seen in the background or foreground of his splash art. His shield becomes a chocolate-dipped waffle with different types depending on the Chroma used. Additionally, both the cookie on his shield and Winter's Bite are a Poro-Snax. He resembles a traditional toy soldier . Pool Party Braum Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Obsidian,  Peridot,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sandstone This skin shares the Pool Party theme with: Pool Party Draven Pool Party Fiora Pool Party Graves Pool Party Leona Pool Party Miss Fortune ...and others Pool Party Orianna Pool Party Renekton Pool Party Sett Pool Party Zoe Pool Party Mundo References [ ]