Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Caitlyn View in 3D 880 / 04-Jan-2011 Resistance Caitlyn View in 3D 520 / 04-Jan-2011 Arctic Warfare Caitlyn View in 3D 750 / 29-Dec-2011 Officer Caitlyn View in 3D 975 / 05-Oct-2011 Headhunter Caitlyn View in 3D 975 / 03-Sep-2014 Pulsefire Caitlyn View in 3D 1820 / 24-May-2017 Pool Party Caitlyn View in 3D 1350 / 02-Aug-2018 Arcade Caitlyn View in 3D 1350 / 28-Jun-2019 Battle Academia Caitlyn View in 3D 1820 / 18-Mar-2021 Arcane Caitlyn View in 3D 975 / 22-Nov-2021 Snow Moon Caitlyn View in 3D 1350 / 23-Jun-2022 Heartthrob Caitlyn View in 3D 1350 / 10-Feb-2023 Battle Academia Caitlyn Chromas Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Heartthrob Caitlyn Chromas Amethyst Obsidian Peridot Rose Quartz Ruby Sandstone Sapphire Turquoise Original Caitlyn Chromas Blue Green Pink Pool Party Caitlyn Chromas Aquamarine Catseye Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Pulsefire Caitlyn Chromas Chrono Snow Moon Caitlyn Chromas Catseye Emerald Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Legacy Vault Sheriff Caitlyn View in 3D 520 / 04-Jan-2011 Safari Caitlyn View in 3D 975 / 10-May-2011 Lunar Wraith Caitlyn View in 3D 1350 / 27-Jan-2016 DRX Caitlyn View in 3D 1350 / 01-Jun-2023 DRX Caitlyn Chromas Elite Lunar Wraith Caitlyn Chromas Golden Rare & Limited Prestige Arcade Caitlyn View in 3D Special / 28-Jun-2019 Prestige Arcade Caitlyn (2022) View in 3D Special / 01-Apr-2022 Screenshots [ ] Arctic Warfare Caitlyn Headhunter Caitlyn Lunar Wraith Caitlyn Classic Caitlyn (Visual VFX Update) Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Headshots Champion Headshots (P) Kills Confirmed Champions killed with Ace in the Hole (R) Long Arm of the Law Champions hit by Piltover Peacemakers (Q) at greater than 75% of max range Freshly Baked Champions rooted with Yordle Snap Trap (W) within 2s of placing it Net Worth Headshots on champions within 2s of being hit with 90 Caliber Net (E) Snagged and Tagged Piltover Peacemaker (Q) damage to champions rooted with Yordle Snap Trap (W) Trivia [ ] Original Caitlyn Chromas: Blue,  Green,  Pink Caitlyn appears to be ambidextrous . The hand she pulls the trigger with alternates from her left hand and her right hand in the artwork of her skins. Examples of her pulling it with her left hand are the art for Classic and Headhunter . Examples of her pulling it with her right hand are the art for Safari and Arcade . She appears to be inside the building that stands behind Jinx and Vi in their splash arts. It may also be the prison where Urgot is kept. Sheriff Caitlyn This skin shares the High Noon theme with: Bandito Fiddlesticks Cowgirl Miss Fortune High Noon Darius High Noon Hecarim High Noon Leona ...and others High Noon Senna High Noon Thresh High Noon Twitch Longhorn Alistar Sandscourge Skarner Resistance Caitlyn This skin shares the Battlecast theme with: Battlecast Nasus Battlecast Urgot Battlecast Xerath Battlecast Zac Battlecast Alpha Skarner ...and others Battlecast Prime Cho'Gath Resistance Illaoi Resistance Jayce Resistance Singed Resistance Yorick Resistance Jayce and Resistance Illaoi can be seen in the background of her splash art. Safari Caitlyn This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali She references both (mostly African) Safaris and the eponymous web browser. Explorer Ezreal can be seen in the background of her splash art. Arctic Warfare Caitlyn This skin shares the Arctic Ops theme with: Arctic Ops Gragas Arctic Ops Kennen Arctic Ops Varus Northern Front Swain Northern Storm Volibear This skin was a special gift for those who pre-purchased the November 2011 US issue of the PC Gamer magazine in September 2011. It was available to the general public on 29-Dec-2011. This skin might be inspired by a series of sniper rifles known as 'Arctic Warfare' developed and manufactured by Accuracy International in the 1980s. This skin is possibly inspired by Soviet sniper Lyudmila Pavlichenko . Officer Caitlyn This skin shares the Cops and Robbers theme with: Captain Volibear Constable Trundle Officer Vi Pickpocket Twitch Safecracker Evelynn Secret Agent Miss Fortune Secret Agent Xin Zhao Officer Vi can be seen in the background of her splash art. Headhunter Caitlyn This skin shares the Headhunter theme with: Headhunter Akali Headhunter Master Yi Headhunter Nidalee Headhunter Rengar She references the Yautja from Predator . Lunar Wraith Caitlyn Chromas: Golden This skin shares the Lunar Revel theme with: Coin Emperor Tahm Kench Jade Dragon Wukong Lunar Emperor Thresh Lunar Empress Lux Lunar Goddess Diana ...and others Lunar Guardian Kha'Zix Lunar Guardian Nasus Lunar Guardian Warwick Lunar Wraith Sylas Radiant Wukong She was released in celebration of Lunar Revel 2016 (Year of the Monkey ) along with: Lunar Wraith Morgana Radiant Wukong Her outfit was probably inspired by Ao Shin . Her Yordle Snap Trap uses a Dumpling for bait. Pulsefire Caitlyn Chromas: Chrono This skin shares the Pulsefire theme with: Prestige Pulsefire Thresh Prestige Pulsefire Thresh (2022) Pulsefire Ekko Pulsefire Ezreal Pulsefire Fiora ...and others Pulsefire Pantheon Pulsefire Riven Pulsefire Shen Pulsefire Thresh Pulsefire Twisted Fate This skin was reworked from a concept for a "Futuristic Caitlyn" skin shown at PAX Aus 2013 . She references Chell from the Portal series, based on the white theme of her outfit, the design of the rifle and the recall animation. She also references Nova Terra from StarCraft . Her splash art may reference Oblivia from Xenoblade Chronicles X . Elements of her outfit and weaponry may also have been inspired by items from the same game. This is Caitlyn's first skin where she isn't wearing any kind of headwear but in her recall animation, she will jump into a portal to another world and wear one of these: Teemo's hat ( Riot Games office in Los Angeles), a pirate tricorne ( The Slaughter Docks ), a medieval helm (medieval location), a cowboy hat ( High Noon ) and a classic top hat ( Sidereal Avenue ). The portal textures use artwork from Universe (Sidereal Avenue and the Slaughter Docks), a background from One Simple Rule ( High Noon ), a photo from the real world ( Riot Games office), and Victorious Janna 's splash (medieval location). Her dance has her projecting a hologram of herself in cowgirl attire dancing. The hologram's dance references Madonna - Don't Tell Me . A side-by-side comparison can be seen here . Her gun is upgraded after she learns Ace in the Hole . Pool Party Caitlyn Chromas: Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Obsidian,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Pool Party theme with: Pool Party Draven Pool Party Fiora Pool Party Graves Pool Party Leona Pool Party Miss Fortune ...and others Pool Party Orianna Pool Party Renekton Pool Party Sett Pool Party Zoe Pool Party Mundo In her splash art, Nami along with Rift Scuttler , Beemo , Pool Party Lulu , Pool Party Miss Fortune and Pool Party Ziggs can be seen inside the pool. She was released along with: Pool Party Gangplank Pool Party Zoe Arcade Caitlyn This skin shares the Arcade: Heroes theme with: Arcade Ahri Arcade Corki Arcade Ezreal Arcade Hecarim Arcade Kai'Sa ...and others Arcade Miss Fortune Arcade Riven Arcade Sona Prestige Arcade Caitlyn Prestige Arcade Caitlyn (2022) Arcade Kai'Sa and Battle Boss Yasuo's Gathering Storm can be seen in the background of her splash art. The coins in the background of her splash art are a reference to Super Mario golden coins. Prestige Arcade Caitlyn This skin shares the Arcade: Heroes theme with: Arcade Ahri Arcade Caitlyn Arcade Corki Arcade Ezreal Arcade Hecarim ...and others Arcade Kai'Sa Arcade Miss Fortune Arcade Riven Arcade Sona Prestige Arcade Caitlyn (2022) Battle Academia Caitlyn Chromas: Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire This skin shares the Battle Academia theme with: Battle Academia Garen Battle Academia Katarina Battle Academia Leona Battle Academia Lux Battle Academia Wukong ...and others Battle Principal Yuumi Battle Professor Graves Prestige Battle Academia Leona Prestige Battle Academia Lux Prestige Battle Academia Lux (2022) Battle Academia Wukong , Battle Academia Garen , Battle Academia Leona , Battle Academia Yone , and Battle Academia Jayce can be seen in her splash art. Caitlyn's rifle upgrades when she purchases a completed item, up to 3 times. Her Yordle Snap Trap uses a flan , also known as crème caramel, as bait. Her joke also shows her eating a flan custard. Her pose in the Winddown animation is a reference to the character Satsuki Kiryūin from Kill la Kill . Her laugh is based on an anime trope known as Noblewoman's Laugh She shares similarity to Stocking from Panty & Stocking with Garterbelt . Her Ultimate Ace in the Hole animation can be disabled by enabling the hide eye candy setting. Arcane Caitlyn This skin shares the Arcane theme with: Arcane Jayce Arcane Jinx Arcane Vi Firelight Ekko This is her appearance during Arcane , specifically appearing in Season 1 Episode 5 . According to the series, the outfit is of Zaunite origin which she receives from Vi as disguise, whilst investigating Zaun for the first time against Jinx . Snow Moon Caitlyn Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Snow Moon theme with: Snow Moon Ahri Snow Moon Illaoi Snow Moon Kayn Snow Moon Morgana Snow Moon Varus She is similar in appearance to Shenhe from the game Genshin Impact . Heartthrob Caitlyn Chromas: Amethyst,  Obsidian,  Peridot,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sandstone,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the Heartthrobs and Heartaches theme with: Heartache Amumu Heartache Vi Her base splash artwork was censored in certain regions, as the base version  showcases love interest of the same gender. DRX Caitlyn Chromas: Elite This skin shares the World Champions: 2022 theme with: DRX Aatrox DRX Akali DRX Ashe DRX Kindred DRX Maokai Prestige DRX Aatrox References [ ]