Games Universe • League of Legends • Teamfight Tactics • Wild Rift Image Camille Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Camille the Steel Shadow Release date 2016-12-07 Last changed V14.2 Class(es) Diver Legacy Fighter Tank Position(s) Top Resource Mana Range type Melee Adaptive type Physical Store price 4800 | 880 Crafting + 2880 Ratings Damage 3 Toughness 2 Control 2 Mobility 3 Utility 1 Style Difficulty Champion Spotlight Camille Champion Spotlight Camille is a champion in League of Legends . [1] Gameplay • Cosmetics • Audio • Development • Patch History • History • Trivia Base statistics Camille Edit Health 670 +99 Mana 339 +52 Health regen. (per 5s) 8.5 +0.8 Mana regen. (per 5s) 8.15 +0.75 Armor 35 +5 Attack damage 68 +3.8 Magic resist. 32 +2.05 Crit. damage 175% Move. speed 340 Attack range 125 Attack speed Base AS 0.644 Attack windup 19.33% AS ratio N/A Bonus AS +2.5 % Unit radius Gameplay radius 65 Selection radius 100 Pathing radius 35 Acq. radius 550 Special statistics ARAM Nexus Blitz One For All URF Ult Spellbook Arena Damage Dealt +5% Damage Received -5% Healing +20% Shielding +10% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received -5% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Abilities [ ] Edit Adaptive Defenses Adaptive Defenses STATIC COOLDOWN: 18 / 14 / 10 (based on level) Innate: Periodically, Camille's next basic attack on-hit against an enemy champion grants her a shield equal to 20% of her maximum health , lasting for 2 seconds and absorbing damage from either exclusively physical damage or magic damage , based on which type the target has previously dealt most of against champions as well as on Camille's current armor and magic resistance . Link ▶️ "Adapt or perish." Hide Details Video Info Targeting input Passive Adaptive Defenses goes on cooldown after the shield expires or is destroyed. The shield-typing is determined based on the total damage the target has dealt to champions that game (as a percentage) versus Camille's current armor and magic resistance . For example, with little bonus resistances Camille would likely gain the most obvious shield-typing - i.e. physical shield versus champions primarily dealing physical damage and magic shield versus champions primarily dealing magic damage . However, if she has a sufficient amount of armor against a champion dealing both alternates of physical damage and magic damage , she will receive a magic shield as the physical damage threat is already being mitigated by her armor , and vice versa. The type of shield that will be granted to Camille when she attacks any one enemy champion is shown as an icon beneath their health bar : orange for physical shield and blue for magic shield. Adaptive Defenses takes priority over all other shields except Black Shield . Adaptive Defenses Will not grant Camille the shield is the attack is dodged , blocked , or if she is blinded . Video Edit Precision Protocol Precision Protocol COST: 25 Mana COOLDOWN : 9 / 8. 25 / 7. 5 / 6. 75 / 6 CAST TIME: none Active: Camille empowers her next basic attack within 4 seconds to have an uncancellable windup , gain 50 bonus range , deal bonus physical damage and grant her bonus movement speed for 1 second. Bonus Physical Damage: 20 / 25 / 30 / 35 / 40% AD Bonus Movement Speed: 30 / 32. 5 / 35 / 37. 5 / 40% After 0. 25 seconds, Precision Protocol can then be recast within the next 3. 5 seconds at no additional cost. Recast: Camille mimics the first cast's effects. If Precision Protocol is recast after 1. 5 seconds of the first attack, then the bonus damage is doubled, and 40% − 100% (based on level) of the attack's total damage will be dealt as true damage . Increased Mixed Damage: 40 / 50 / 60 / 70 / 80% AD Both casts of Precision Protocol reset Camille's basic attack timer. Camille is able to cast Tactical Sweep , Hookshot , or The Hextech Ultimatum during the windup of Precision Protocol's empowered attack without cancelling it. Hide Details Video Info Targeting input Auto Damage type Type Sub-type Spell damage Physical damage / True damage Counters Spell shield Parries Not Blocked Blocked Both casts count as ability activations for the purposes of on-cast effects such as Spellblade and triggering Force Pulse's passive. Both enhanced attacks cannot critically strike . The 1. 5 -second delay is "fuzzy", meaning it may take up to another 0. 25 seconds to ready the window for the empowered attack. This syncs up perfectly with Sheen's cooldown between casts at 0 Item Haste, which is also "fuzzy". The second attack will also become empowered if it simply starts after the 1. 5 -second delay, even if the recast was consumed earlier. The empowered recast 's true damage : Has a special case to factor Spellblade into the true damage conversion of part of her attack's damage. Other on-hit effects do not interact with the true damage conversion. Is not amplified by modifiers that do not increase true damage such as Coup de Grace . Is reduced by Plated Steelcaps' passive because the partial conversion of the physical damage to true damage happens after the reduction to the physical damage (both are pre-mitigation on-take-damage events). * If Camille has Spear of Shojin's stacked the true damage isn't reduced, while the physical damage still is. (bug) Is dealt just prior to the physical damage portion of the attack. Precision Protocol applies to structures but the recast does not convert to true damage. The enhanced attack will still complete and hit the target even if they become untargetable during the attack's windup . Warden's Mail's flat damage reduction is reduced on the second cast, reducing the physical damage but not the true damage. (bug) Video Edit Tactical Sweep Tactical Sweep COST: 50 / 55 / 60 / 65 / 70 Mana COOLDOWN: 17 / 15. 5 / 14 / 12. 5 / 11 CAST TIME: none EFFECT RADIUS: 325 / 650 ANGLE: 70° Active: Camille sweeps her leg in a cone in the target direction over 1. 1 seconds, during which she is ghosted and unable to declare basic attacks. Afterwards, she deals physical damage to all enemies within. Physical Damage: 70 / 100 / 130 / 160 / 190 (+ 60% bonus AD) Enemies hit by the outer half of the cone take additional physical damage , capped at 300 against monsters , and are slowed by 80% decaying over 2 seconds. Camille is healed for 100% of this additional damage post-mitigation against enemy champions in the outer half. Outer Cone Bonus Damage: 5 / 5. 5 / 6 / 6. 5 / 7% (+ 2. 5 % per 100 bonus AD) of target's maximum health Non-epic monsters take 50% damage from Tactical Sweep . Non-Epic Monster Damage: 35 / 50 / 65 / 80 / 95 (+ 30% bonus AD) Bonus Non-Epic Monster Damage: 2. 5 / 2. 75 / 3 / 3. 25 / 3. 5 % (+ 1. 25 % per 100 bonus AD) of target's maximum health Other abilities can be cast during the animation without cancelling it. Hide Details Video Info Targeting input Direction Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Physical Counters Spell shield Projectile Blocked Not Blocked Camille can move during the delay, but the hitbox and Camille's visuals are fixed to the initial target direction. Camille's facing-direction, for effects such as Petrifying Gaze , is the direction she is moving, and not the direction the model is facing. The 50% damage reduction against non-epic monsters applies after the cap. Because of this, the actual cap against non-epic monsters is 150 damage. Because the increased damage in the outer range of the cone is dealt as an additional instance of damage (as opposed to bonus damage to the original instance), it will trigger effects twice such as being reduced by Bone Plating an extra time. (bug) It still belongs to the same cast instance , therefore it does not trigger additional stacks of Conqueror or Electrocute . Video Edit Hookshot Hookshot COST: 70 Mana COOLDOWN: 16 / 15 / 14 / 13 / 12 CAST TIME: none TARGET RANGE: 800 WIDTH: 100 Active: Camille fires a grapple in the target direction. If the grapple collides with terrain, Camille will dash toward and attach to the terrain for 0. 75 seconds, during which she gains the ability to cast Wall Dive . Camille will be knocked down by any immobilizing or polymorphing crowd control, excluding sleep (bug) , during the dash. Other abilities can be cast during the ability. Casting The Hextech Ultimatum will cause the grapple to disappear if it is in flight. Edit Wall Dive Wall Dive CAST TIME: none TARGET RANGE: 400 / 800 EFFECT RADIUS: 130 SPEED: 1050 + 100% movement speed Active: Camille dashes in the target direction, dealing physical damage to enemies near the landing location. Wall Dive's range is doubled towards enemy champions within 1400 units. Camille grants ghosting to non-champions she passes through for 4 seconds. Physical Damage: 80 / 110 / 140 / 170 / 200 (+ 90% bonus AD) Camille stops prematurely upon colliding with an enemy champion, knocking back all nearby enemy champions, though not through terrain, as well as stunning them for 0. 75 seconds, while also gaining bonus attack speed for 5 seconds. Bonus Attack Speed: 40 / 45 / 50 / 55 / 60% Wall Dive may be also cast with movement or attack commands. Other abilities besides The Hextech Ultimatum can be cast while grappled or during the dash. Hide Hookshot Details Wall Dive Details Video Targeting input Direction Counters Projectile Grounded Knockdown Blocked See Notes Interrupted Notes Camille may move while the grapple is in flight. Hookshot can be cast while rooted but not while grounded . Camille will grapple to terrain even if she is immobilized . Hookshot can interact with player-generated terrain . Targeting input Direction Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Physical Counters Spell shield Grounded Knockdown Blocked See Notes Interrupted Notes Wall Dive count as an ability activation for the purposes of on-cast effects such as Spellblade and triggering Force Pulse's passive. Despite what one might assume from a wall-jumping ability, Wall Dive can be used to go through terrain (including the terrain she is bound to). Casting Flash during Wall Dive's dash will interrupt it but Camille will affect enemies around the new location. Wall Dive is disabled while grounded or rooted . Wall Dive will not automatically cast from movement or attack commands in both cases. While grounded, however, Camille is able to move while bound. She may still dash away from her current location once the grounding finishes. Camille will only gain a range indicator towards each valid champion within the extended dash range (800), but will still gain the extended dash range without the indicator against enemies within the 1400 range. She does not have to see any enemy champions to gain the range indicator or extended range. Displacement immunity will not resist the application of the stun . If Tactical Sweep is cast during Wall Dive's dash on its opposite direction, the target wil be  knockback further and to a different direction. (bug) The following table refers for interactions while Camille is bound to terrain: When Camille is interrupted, she will automatically cast Wall Dive . The only exception is if she was interrupted by casting Flash or Recall , in which case Wall Dive cancels. Attacking Initiates the dash towards attack target. Abilities Precision Protocol and Tactical Sweep are usable. The Hextech Ultimatum is disabled. Movement Initiates the dash towards the commanded location. Items Usable N/A Disabled N/A Interrupted by All items interrupt Consumables Interrupts Spells Usable N/A Disabled Barrier Clarity Cleanse Exhaust Ghost Heal Ignite Smite Teleport Hexflash Interrupted by Flash Recall Interrupted by Death Cast-inhibiting effects Video Camille - E Camille - E Edit The Hextech Ultimatum The Hextech Ultimatum COST: 100 Mana COOLDOWN: 140 / 115 / 90 CAST TIME: none TARGET RANGE: 475 EFFECT RADIUS: 425 Active: Camille becomes untargetable and leaps with displacement immunity towards the target enemy champion over 0. 5 seconds, revealing them for the duration and disrupting their ongoing channels . Upon landing on the target, she becomes targetable again and creates a hexagonal zone around her current location for a duration, knocking away all other nearby enemies on impact, though not through terrain. Zone Duration: 2. 5 / 3. 25 / 4 The target cannot escape the zone through any means. While within the zone, Camille's basic attacks deal bonus magic damage . Bonus Magic Damage: 20 / 30 / 40 (+ 4 / 6 / 8% of target's current health) The Hextech Ultimatum ends automatically within 1 second if Camille leaves the area or dies. Link ▶️ "You will stay where I want you to stay!" Hide Details Video Info Targeting input Unit Target out-of-range override Walk in range of the target Damage type Type Sub-type Proc damage Magic Counters Spell shield Grounded Knockdown Blocked Disabled Not Interrupted The disrupt is 'nested' into a 0. 4 -second Silence debuff on the target, but unlike normal silences, this debuff does not actually make the target unable to cast . Instead, this makes sure that the disrupt is prevented by immunity to silences . Camille will attempt to basic attack the target upon landing. Camille will track the target if they change locations. She will always land and create the zone after 0. 5 seconds. If the target becomes untargetable , dies , or moves 2000 or more units away during the dash, it will be interrupted and the ability's cooldown and mana cost will not be refunded. Knockaway speed is 1000. If the target manages to be outside of the boundaries, they will immediately be pulled back towards the center of the hexagon. The boundaries are not considered terrain ( Unstoppable Onslaught exception), and enemies that try to move out of the area will be displaced back inside. Dashes , blinks , displacements , and other forms of movement will cap their effect range to the boundary. Targets will stop at the boundary even after it expired. Ekko's Chronobreak will still deal damage at the hologram's location. An active Cease and Desist on a target outside the perimeter will cause Vi to continue her charge until The Hextech Ultimatum ends. She can knockback and damage secondary targets multiple times. If the target attaches to a unit, they will only be displaced back inside once they detach. The Hextech Ultimatum does not end nor break the bind to the victim. Kayn's Umbral Trespass allows him to cast it even if his target is outside the area, dashing through the borders and attaching despite being unable to escape. Yuumi's You and Me! allows her to bypass the borders if the unit she attaches to leaves the area. Tristana's Rocket Jump does not allow her to escape, but she applies the magic damage and slow . Sett's The Show Stopper does not allow him to pass through the borders and the dash will end prematurely when he encounters them. If the target of The Show Stopper is also the target of The Hextech Ultimatum , they can go through the borders while attached to him. If Camille enters resurrection during the initial cast, the dash is stopped and the zone is formed immediately. The Hextech Ultimatum ends if the target enters resurrection , but not if Camille does. The Hextech Ultimatum ends immediately if the target is dragged by Fear Beyond Death , or displaced outside of the zone by Dragon's Rage or Keeper's Verdict . The following table refers for interactions while Camille is dashing. Attacking Disabled Abilities Disabled Movement Disabled Items Usable N/A Disabled All items are disabled Interrupted by N/A Consumables Disabled Spells Usable N/A Disabled Barrier Clarity Cleanse Exhaust Ghost Heal Ignite Smite Flash Teleport Recall Hexflash Mark Dash Interrupted by N/A Interrupted by Death Video Champion skins [ ] This article section only contains champion skins. For all associated collection items, see Camille (Collection) . Original View in 3D 975 07.12.2016 Weaponized to operate outside the boundaries of the law, Camille is the Principal Intelligencer of Clan Ferros—an elegant and elite agent who ensures the Piltover machine and its Zaunite underbelly runs smoothly. Adaptable and precise, she views sloppy technique as an embarrassment that must be put to order. With a mind as sharp as the blades she bears, Camille's pursuit of superiority through hextech body augmentation has left many to wonder if she is now more machine than woman. Emily O'Brien Evan 'Somnicidal' Monteiro Loot eligible Program View in 3D 1350 12.12.2016 Weaponized to quell the G/NETIC rebellion, Program Camille is a robotic assassin who will kill any human trying to utilize unauthorized technology. A being of adaptable protocols and laser-like focus, she takes her orders directly from Program's superior artificial intelligence. Emily O'Brien Pan Chengwei Program Loot eligible Voice filter Additional/unique quotes New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Coven View in 3D 1350 27.11.2018 They came to Camille as if in some dark slumber—whispers of the Ebony Ram, and the nameless things tumbling up from long-forgotten sepulchers. Her throat full of hearsay, she cuts down the vestiges of the new world, seeding the earth with the magics and witchery of her ancient, grinning masters. Emily O'Brien Jem Flores Coven Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Coven Camille Chromas Aquamarine Dark Ritual Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Turquoise iG View in 3D 1350 23.04.2019 Honoring Ning's winning performance as Camille during the 2018 World Championship. Emily O'Brien Pan Chengwei World Champions: 2018 Loot eligible Legacy New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Arcana View in 3D 1350 13.05.2021 Poised precariously above the city, on the edge of High Arcana, Camille's power comes from surprise and defying expectations. Her patterns seem confusing and alarming—even perilous—to those who cross her path, but they always resolve to her benefit. When burdened on the brink, Camille is at her strongest, but no one truly knows what she plans to use all that strength for... Emily O'Brien Jessica 'OwleyCat' Oyhenart Arcana Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Arcana Camille Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Strike Commander View in 3D 1350 25.08.2022 There are few truly “veteran” soldiers in the galaxy, and those who make it far enough to earn the title have done so for a reason. As commander of RSM's newly minted Strike Team Hyperion, Camille is ruthless, calculating, and fierce, bringing to bear the full power of the Y03-Principality on any target unlucky enough to end up in her sights. Emily O'Brien Jeremy Chong, West Studio Steel Valkyries Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Strike Commander Camille Chromas Ace Aquamarine Citrine Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Turquoise Winterblessed View in 3D 1350 06.12.2023 As Senna continued her search, the bitter Camille pursued her with simmering rage. She was an elegant but ruthless dancer who ran afoul of a previous Polaris and was punished for it, enough so to lose her legs. Wielding newly empowered limbs, she ambushed Senna and summoned her compatriots, Sylas and Thresh. The Aurora thieves had arrived. Emily O'Brien Marie Magny, West Studio Winterblessed Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Winterblessed Camille Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Ornamented Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Wreathguard Prestige Winterblessed View in 3D Special 06.12.2023 No one dances between the runway and the fashion house like Camille. She relishes letting her rivals mistake her cold demeanor for disinterest, only to be stomped into dust by her cutting edge designs. For this year's Winter Gala, she aims to leave everyone with fashionable blessings, as long as they remember who they got them from. Emily O'Brien Ina Wong, West Studio Winterblessed Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall This skin is a variant of Winterblessed . Store variants are discounted for multiple purchases. Patch history [ ] For the expanded patch notes, see here Trivia [ ] Camille is one of 20 champions without a single ability power ratio on any ability: Aatrox , Darius , Dr. Mundo , Draven , Garen , Kayn , Kled , Naafiri , Nilah , Olaf , Pyke , Riven , Samira , Sett , Talon , Urgot , Xayah , Yone , and Zed . Camille was the last champion released in 2016 , designed to make players 'feel like in-control badasses'. Her design bears a very strong resemblance to ​​​​Lin Beifong from the series Legend of Korra , with similar appearance, profession, and fighting style. She may have also been influenced by Gazelle from the movie Kingsman: The Secret Service . Camille's passive is so far the only instance of a shield that exclusively protects from physical damage. Camille is the French derivative of Latin Camilla , feminine form of cognomen Camillus . Camillus/a means 'temple attendant,' and has no Latin root. Earlier forms include Greek Κάδμος -Κάμιλλος-Κᾰσμῖλος-Κᾰδμῖλος, loaned from Pre-Greek *Hatʸmilʸ- . [2] The name Camille could also be a reference to the mythological warrior Camilla who appears in the second half of Vergil's Aeneid on the side of the Rutulians . She is a warrior virgin queen of the Volsci and serves under the goddess Diana. She was said to be so swift-footed she could run through a wheat field without breaking the tops of the stalks and run across the ocean without wetting her feet. Her clan's name Ferros probably references the Latin word for iron ferrum " iron ". [3] Her dance references the Airflare , a breakdance move . A side-by-side comparison can be seen here . She shares this dance with Kennen . Her dance is very similar to PROJECT: Vayne's , whose dance is a similar breakdance move. A side-by-side comparison of her and PROJECT: Vayne's dances can be seen here. She was first mentioned in pre-rework Evelynn's color story The Shadows Beckon which is no longer canon. See also [ ] League of Legends Wiki | Champions Cancelled Champions Ao Shin Avasha Averdrian CeeCee Cyborg Cowboy Eagle Rider Gavid Husk Iron Engineer Ivan Omen Priscilla Rob Blackblade Seth Tabu Tiki Urf Well References [ ] ↑ Camille's profile page at LeagueOfLegends.com ↑ Beekes, R.S.P. Etymological Dictionary of Greek , pp. 613-4 ↑ DeVaan. Etymological Dictionary of Latin and the other Italic Languages , p. 213, 214