Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Cho'Gath View in 3D 585 / 25-Jun-2009 Gentleman Cho'Gath View in 3D 1820 / 11-May-2010 Jurassic Cho'Gath View in 3D 975 / 01-Nov-2011 Battlecast Prime Cho'Gath View in 3D 1820 / 03-Aug-2012 Prehistoric Cho'Gath View in 3D 750 / 14-Jun-2015 Shan Hai Scrolls Cho'Gath View in 3D 1350 / 28-Jan-2021 Broken Covenant Cho'Gath View in 3D 1350 / 09-Mar-2023 Battlecast Prime Cho'Gath Chromas Catseye Obsidian Pearl Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Broken Covenant Cho'Gath Chromas Catseye Emerald Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Shan Hai Scrolls Cho'Gath Chromas Aquamarine Catseye Obsidian Pearl Peridot Ruby Tanzanite Turquoise Legacy Vault Nightmare Cho'Gath View in 3D 520 / 20-Nov-2009 Loch Ness Cho'Gath View in 3D 520 / 01-Mar-2011 Rare & Limited Dark Star Cho'Gath View in 3D Special / 13-Jul-2018 Screenshots [ ] Battlecast Prime Cho'Gath Prehistoric Cho'Gath Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Launches Champions knocked up by Rupture (Q) Noms Nom'd Feast (R) stacks gained QUIET's Multiple (2+) champion hits with Feral Scream (W) Biomassive Healing from Carnivore (P) Snicker-Snack Champions killed with Feast (R) within 6s of being knocked up with Rupture (Q) or slowed with Vorpal Spikes (E) Tearor Damage to champions with Vorpal Spikes (E) Trivia [ ] Original Cho'Gath The scene depicted has him fighting several soldiers geared like Helmet Bro. His very first splash art was directly tweaked for the first splash art of his Nightmare skin. Nightmare Cho'Gath This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali Loch Ness Cho'Gath This skin shares the Fables theme with: Dark Valkyrie Diana Djinn Malzahar Muse Sona Musketeer Twisted Fate Mythic Cassiopeia ...and others Perseus Pantheon Royal Guard Fiora Sasquatch Nunu & Willump Siren Cassiopeia Valkyrie Leona He references the Loch Ness Monster . The mention of a blurry photograph in his skin bio references the Surgeon's Photograph of the Loch Ness Monster. Jurassic Cho'Gath This skin shares the Day Job theme with: Almost-Prom King Amumu Boom Boom Blitzcrank Corporate Mundo Fisherman Fizz French Maid Nidalee ...and others Matador Alistar Prestigious LeBlanc Primetime Draven Prom Queen Annie Scuba Gragas A banner reading 'Cho'Gath Rules' can be seen in the background. Gentleman Cho'Gath This skin shares the High Society theme with: Archduke Nasus Aristocrat Vayne Gentleman Gnar Marquis Vladimir Order of the Banana Soraka Tango Evelynn Tango Twisted Fate He references a stereotypical 19th Century British gentleman. He was the first to get a new voiceover with a skin. He has his own dedicated section in the Latin American server. He discusses (in extremely old-fashioned and correct Spanish) the proper use of game terminology , going so far as to warn players to avoid English-Spanish mutations such as gankear ('ganking') and instead use the actual term emboscar ('ambush'). Battlecast Prime Cho'Gath Chromas: Catseye,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Battlecast theme with: Battlecast Nasus Battlecast Urgot Battlecast Xerath Battlecast Zac Battlecast Alpha Skarner ...and others Resistance Caitlyn Resistance Illaoi Resistance Jayce Resistance Singed Resistance Yorick Battlecast Alpha Skarner and pre-rework Battlecast Urgot can be seen in the background. He is voiced by J.S. Gilbert . Dr. Mundo , Corporate Mundo , Gragas , pre- rework Sion , Udyr and Spirit Guard Udyr are also voiced by the same voice actor. He resembles Machinedramon from Digimon . He is the Tokyo miniboss in Cho'Gath Eats the World . According to promotional art for this skin, his Feral Scream is powered by '451 Exawatt Omnisonic Speakers'. That amount of power has more energy than 2000 Tsar Bombas / 100,000,000,000 Tonnes of TNT in a single second. Prehistoric Cho'Gath This skin shares the Prehistoric Hunters theme with: Beast Hunter Draven Beast Hunter Sejuani Beast Hunter Tryndamere Boneclaw Shyvana Huntress Sivir ...and others Prehistoric Anivia Prehistoric Renekton Primal Udyr Sabretusk Sejuani Tribal Ryze He was released in celebration of the premiere of Jurassic World along with: Prehistoric Anivia Prehistoric Renekton He is based on the movie's Indominus rex . He is most definitely thematically tied to his Jurassic self considering the only difference is the presence/lack of flesh. A figure resembling the cancelled champion Tabu can be seen in the background. Dark Star Cho'Gath This skin shares the Dark Star theme with: Dark Cosmic Jhin Dark Cosmic Lissandra Dark Cosmic Lux Dark Cosmic Erasure Jhin Dark Star Karma ...and others Dark Star Orianna Dark Star Shaco Dark Star Thresh Dark Star Varus Dark Star Xerath Dark Star Rhaast Prior to the official release of the skin, there were fan-made concepts for a Dark Star skin for Cho'Gath. This skin was made by Riot in collaboration with an individual known as Bryan, a League player who visited Riot in 2017 through partnership with The Make-A-Wish Foundation. Bryan’s wish was “to meet the creators of Riot Games and create a skin with them.” During development, there were three concepts for this Make-A-Wish skin: Elderwood, Dark Star, War Drake [1] . Dark Star eventually passed due to Bryan liking the space concept the most. Bryan's clarinet performance was used for the final version of the skins theme. This skin was initially sold for 1350 . All of the proceeds from this skin went to nonprofit organizations around the world until the end of 10 August 2018 when it became a Hextech Crafting exclusive skin. The charity campaign raised over $6.1 million for 21 different nonprofits around the world, giving Riot Games Inc. the Golden Halo Award. [2] This is the first skin of Cho'Gath's where the cast animation for Feast is a single bite instead of multiple ones. Shan Hai Scrolls Cho'Gath Chromas: Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Peridot,  Ruby,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Shan Hai Scrolls theme with: Shan Hai Scrolls Bard Shan Hai Scrolls Jhin Shan Hai Scrolls Kog'Maw Shan Hai Scrolls Lillia Shan Hai Scrolls Nautilus Shan Hai Scrolls Neeko Shan Hai Scrolls Tahm Kench Broken Covenant Cho'Gath Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Broken Covenant theme with: Broken Covenant Miss Fortune Broken Covenant Nocturne Broken Covenant Rakan Broken Covenant Riven Broken Covenant Vladimir Broken Covenant Xayah Prestige Broken Covenant Miss Fortune References [ ] ↑ Concept images of Elderwood, Dark Star and War Drake Cho'Gath skins ↑ Dark Star Cho’Gath Wins Golden Halo Award