Control Ward edit Consume Places a visible Control Ward at the target location (600 range), which grants sight over the surrounding 900 units. Cannot have its sight disabled . Its sight also: Reveals and disables enemy wards. Reveals enemy stealthed traps . Reveals Camouflaged champions. It is also exposed to enemies while it is revealing one of the above stealthed units, or granting vision of a Tentacle . Limitations Can only carry 2 Control Wards in inventory. Limited to 1 Control Ward on the map per player. Recipe Cost Sell ID 75 30 2055 Availability SR 5v5 Keywords kleptomancy orange red pink Control Ward is a consumable item in League of Legends . It is exclusive to Classic Summoner's Rift 5v5 . Similar items Farsight Alteration Oracle Lens Warding Totem Notes Wards and stealthed traps affected by Control Wards will no longer grant sight of their surroundings. They will be engulfed in a red static shock to indicate this. Control Wards have 4 health , and regenerate 1 health every 3 seconds after 6 seconds of not taking damage. Control Wards do not persistently reveal camouflage champions and instead perform periodic scans. There is a substantial enough delay between checks that camouflaged champions will briefly become unseen. Map-Specific Differences Nexus Blitz differences edit This item is disabled. Strategy Control Ward is best used in areas that are commonly and frequently warded by the enemy team. In areas such as near the pits for Baron Nashor or Dragon , it plays a part in ensuring your team has control over that objective as the enemy team won't have vision of it. Control Ward can also be used like any other ward for the purposes of granting vision, but it is not quite as effective as it is not stealthed. It can be placed near paths where the opposing jungler can come through to gank, especially those who are stealthed by camouflage. Keeping a Control Ward in handy is useful for when you don't have Oracle Lens to clear out enemy vision. Old icons 1st version Trivia When a Control Ward has been alive for 2 minutes and 30 seconds, it will gain the following buff: Distinguished Order of Ward Longevity and Health: Perhaps this ward has been protected. Perhaps it has merely sat in a disused lane. Whatever the case, it has persisted for aeons in ward years and joins an ancient regal order of Wards that have lasted a really really really long time. Media Control Ward Revealing and Disabling Ward Revealing Trap Sound Effects Consumed Link ▶️ Active SFX 