Cooldown (abbreviated as CD) is an attribute of champion abilities, items, summoner spell and runes. It is the amount of time before a champion ability, item, summoner spell or rune can be used again after activation. When an ability, item, summoner spell or rune is in this state, it is considered to be "on cooldown". Cooldown is directly affected by ability haste , item haste and summoner spell haste which will lessen the amount of time an ability, item or summoner spell, respectively, is unusable after activation. Contents 1 Cooldown champions 2 Types of Cooldown 2.1 Normal Cooldowns 2.2 Static Cooldowns 2.3 On-Target Cooldowns 2.4 Recharge 3 Effects Similar to Cooldowns 3.1 Interrupted Durations 3.2 Channels 4 Abilities without a Cooldown 5 Trivia Cooldown champions [ ] Main article: Cooldown champions Similar to Mana , Cooldown limits ability use. For some champions, cooldowns are the only limitation to their ability usage. These are: Aatrox Garen Gnar Katarina Kled Mordekaiser Rek'Sai Renekton Rengar Riven Sett Shyvana Tryndamere Vladimir Yasuo Yone Types of Cooldown [ ] There are several different types of Cooldowns , and each type primarily works in the same way but may or may not be affected by ability haste. Normal Cooldowns [ ] Normal Cooldowns are the most basic form of cooldowns. Abilities or Items that have normal cooldowns get reduced by the respective haste. The cooldown associated with runes is considered a normal cooldown, but ability haste that affects runes doesn't exist, except for the cooldown reduction from Arcane Comet . Static Cooldowns [ ] Static Cooldowns are cooldowns that can not be reduced by any means of ability haste, unless it has a way to reduce itself or by an associated effect. Aatrox's Deathbringer Stance and The Darkin Blade Ahri's Spirit Rush Akali's Perfect Execution Akshan's Dirty Fighting Alistar's Triumphant Roar Amumu's Bandage Toss and Despair Anivia's Rebirth Aphelios' Phase Azir's Shurima's Legacy Blitzcrank's Mana Barrier Caitlyn's Yordle Snap Trap Camille's Adaptive Defenses Corki's Hextech Munitions and Missile Barrage Dr. Mundo's Goes Where He Pleases Evelynn's Demon Shade Gangplank's Trial by Fire and Powder Keg Gragas' Happy Hour Illaoi's Prophet of an Elder God Ivern's Brushmaker Jhin's Curtain Call Jinx's Switcheroo! Karthus' Defile Kindred's Mark of the Kindred and Dance of Arrows Kled's Skaarl the Cowardly Lizard LeBlanc's Mirror Image Malphite's Granite Shield Malzahar's Void Shift Maokai's Sap Magic Neeko's Inherent Glamour Poppy's Iron Ambassador Quinn's Harrier Rek'Sai's Tunnel * Samira's Inferno Trigger Shen's Ki Barrier Singed's Poison Trail Urgot's Echoing Flames and Purge (Rank 5) Vel'Koz's Void Rift Vex's Doom 'n Gloom Vi's Blast Shield and Relentless Force Xerath's Mana Surge and Rite of the Arcane Yasuo's Steel Tempest and Sweeping Blade Yone's Mortal Steel and Spirit Cleave Yuumi's Feline Friendship and You and Me! Zac's Cell Division Ziggs' Short Fuse Zilean's Time in a Bottle Zyra's Garden of Thorns On-Target Cooldowns [ ] On-Target Cooldowns are cooldowns that limit how many times an effect can affect the same target within a defined period. After using an effect with an on-target cooldown on an enemy, the effect can be used on other targets if the normal or static cooldown is over, but not on the same target again until the on-target cooldown is over. Braum's Concussive Blows Ekko's Z-Drive Resonance Fiddlesticks' Terrify * Jarvan IV's Martial Cadence Kindred's Mark of the Kindred Nautilus' Staggering Blow Nunu's Call of the Freljord Qiyana's Royal Privilege Samira's Daredevil Impulse Sejuani's Permafrost Senna's Absolution Singed's Noxious Slipstream Sylas' Hijack * Talon's Assassin's Path Udyr's Blazing Stampede Yasuo's Sweeping Blade Yuumi's Final Chapter Zed's Contempt for the Weak Recharge [ ] Main article: Ammunition#Stock Recharge is not technically a cooldown but is usually affected by ability haste. An effect with a recharge will cost a charge to cast. The effect stores multiple charges up to a maximum, and generates one after the recharge is complete (e.g. Ashe's Hawkshot ). Effects Similar to Cooldowns [ ] Interrupted Durations [ ] Main article: Crowd control An Interrupted Duration happens when a champion activates an effect but is interrupted by another effect. Effects like this are interrupted by combat usually (e.g. Garen's Perseverance ). Interrupted Durations act like Cooldowns , and can sometimes trigger a cooldown, but they are not cooldowns. Channels [ ] Main article: Channel When a champion Channels an ability, they are usually required to wait an amount of time until the channel is complete. Although the champion must wait an amount of time, Channels are not a Cooldown . Abilities without a Cooldown [ ] Some champion abilities do not have a cooldown and rely on a different condition. As long as the champion has the resources required to use the ability, they can use the ability forever. Note that most passive and innate abilities don't have a cooldown but aren't listed here for brevity's sake. Abilities without a Cooldown: Ashe's Ranger's Focus Shyvana's Dragon's Descent Zyra's Rampant Growth Trivia [ ] Zac's Cell Division has the longest Cooldown of all abilities. Ryze's Realm Warp (Rank 1) has the longest Cooldown of all castable abilities. It is also the longest cooldown of all abilities that can benefit from ability haste. Gameplay Elements Targeting Types Auto ( Passive · Self ) · Direction · Location · Unit · Proximity · Vector ( Collision · Radius ) Unit types Champion · Minion · Monster · Pets · Structures ( Turret · Inhibitor · Nexus ) Effect types Ability effects · Attack effects ( On-hit ) · Area of effect · Damage over time · Heal · Multi-hit · Redirected damage · Shield · Single-targeted Ability types Attached · Aura · Blink · Buff · Channel · Combat status · Crowd control · Damage ( Ability · Basic · Magic · Physical · True · Nexus Obelisk · Execution ) · Dash · Debuff · Invulnerability · Pet · Projectile · Sight · Spell shield · Stealth · Tether · Untargetability · Ward