Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Corki View in 3D 790 / 18-Sep-2009 Urfrider Corki View in 3D 975 / 04-Apr-2011 Dragonwing Corki View in 3D 975 / 08-Feb-2013 Arcade Corki View in 3D 1350 / 24-Aug-2016 Corgi Corki View in 3D 1350 / 27-Mar-2019 Astronaut Corki View in 3D 1350 / 01-Jul-2021 Arcade Corki Chromas Catseye Citrine Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Astronaut Corki Chromas Catseye Citrine Emerald Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Corgi Corki Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Obsidian Pearl Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Dragonwing Corki Chromas Golden Meteorite Legacy Vault Ice Toboggan Corki View in 3D 1820 / 12-Feb-2010 Red Baron Corki View in 3D 1820 / 24-Mar-2010 Hot Rod Corki View in 3D 520 / 27-Jul-2010 Fnatic Corki View in 3D 750 / 24-Sep-2014 Rare & Limited UFO Corki View in 3D Special / 01-Jan-2010 Screenshots [ ] Dragonwing Corki Fnatic Corki Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Delivery Exceptions Multiple (2+) champions hit with Special Delivery (W) ICBM's Champions killed with Missile Barrage (R) Shredder Rounds Champions inflicted with 8 stacks of Gatling Gun (E) Ace Machine Champion takedowns within 10s of affecting them with Valkyrie/Special Delivery (W) Boom Tomb Damage to champions with Phosphorus Bomb (Q) Sniper Wing Champions hit with Missile Barrage (R) at greater than 75% of max range Trivia [ ] Ice Toboggan Corki This skin shares the Winter Sports theme with: Curling Veigar Festival Kassadin Team Spirit Anivia The Mighty Jax Union Jack Fiddlesticks Vancouver Amumu Whistler Village Twitch He was released in celebration of the 2010 Winter Olympics along with: Vancouver Amumu Team Spirit Anivia Union Jack Fiddlesticks Festival Kassadin The Mighty Jax Whistler Village Twitch Curling Veigar He references a toboggan rider competing in the bobsleigh event at the 2010 Winter Olympics as well as the American Olympic medal won by a team of four at the 2010 Winter Olympics ( Steve Holcom , Steve Mesler , Curtis Tomasevicz and Justin Olsen ). Red, white, and blue flags can be seen in the background. Red Baron Corki This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali He references Manfred von Richthofen . The wings initially featured Roundel rather than Crosses but patch V1.0.0.83 changed this. UFO Corki This skin shares the Invaders theme with: Alien Invader Heimerdinger He was released in celebration of League of Legends winning IGN Reader's Choice Multiplayer Game and Strategy Game of the Year , as well as Gamespy's Reader's Choice Game of the Year in 2009. [1] He was awarded to all players who signed up before 14-Jan-2010 for free, along with Corki himself if they didn't already own him. He was quoted as being 'technically the first Legendary skin completed' when it was announced alongside Ice Toboggan . Hot Rod Corki This skin shares the Piltover Customs theme with: Piltover Customs Blitzcrank Piltover Customs Heimerdinger Urfrider Corki This skin shares the Urf the Manatee theme with: Urf Kench Urf the Manatee Urf the Nami-tee Urfwick He was released in celebration of April Fools' Day 2011 . He pilots Urf and using his machine gun. He is the second of the two champions featured by G.A.N.K. Industries, [2] the first being Piltover Customs Blitzcrank . Dragonwing Corki Chromas: Golden,  Meteorite This skin shares the Lunar Revel: Firecracker theme with: Firecracker Diana Firecracker Jinx Firecracker Sejuani Firecracker Sett Firecracker Teemo ...and others Firecracker Vayne Firecracker Xin Zhao Panda Annie Prestige Firecracker Vayne Prestige Firecracker Vayne (2022) He was released in celebration of Lunar Revel 2013 (Year of the Snake ) along with: Panda Annie Jade Fang Cassiopeia Warring Kingdoms Jarvan IV Warring Kingdoms Xin Zhao Fnatic Corki This skin shares the World Champions: 2011 theme with: Fnatic Gragas Fnatic Janna Fnatic Jarvan IV Fnatic Karthus He was released in celebration of Fnatic winning the Season One World Championship along with: Fnatic Gragas Fnatic Janna Fnatic Jarvan IV Fnatic Karthus He represents LaMiaZeaLoT . Arcade Corki Chromas: Catseye,  Citrine,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the Arcade: Heroes theme with: Arcade Ahri Arcade Caitlyn Arcade Ezreal Arcade Hecarim Arcade Kai'Sa ...and others Arcade Miss Fortune Arcade Riven Arcade Sona Prestige Arcade Caitlyn Prestige Arcade Caitlyn (2022) He is one of the three new Arcade players, the other being Arcade Ahri and Arcade Ezreal . His Recall animation references Galaga and/or Space Invaders . The skin was unintentionally leaked to the public. His plane has a different color palette for each of his Chromas : Catseye - Yellow with the number 101 . Citrine - Orange with two red hearts. Obsidian - Black with a mouth and eyes on the front. Pearl - White, Red and Blue with the number 8 , a reference to Herbie the Love Bug . Rose Quartz - Pink and White with chibi Arcade Hecarim pictures. Ruby - Red and Blue, similar to the comic book superhero, Iron Man . Sapphire - Black and Blue with flames on the front. Turquoise - Turquoise with stars and rainbows similar to the ones on Arcade Sona . Corgi Corki Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rainbow,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Cats Versus Dogs theme with: Fuzz Fizz Kibble-Head Kled Kittalee Meowkai Meowrick ...and others Prestige Fuzz Fizz Prestige Fuzz Fizz (2022) Pretty Kitty Rengar Shiba Yuumi Woof and Lamb Kindred This skin was released in celebration of April Fools' Day 2019 along with: Fuzz Fizz Prestige Fuzz Fizz Pretty Kitty Rengar Meowrick This skin was inspired by a popular fan jab at Corki's name and how similar it is to the name of the Welsh Corgi dog breed. All the chromas of this skin showcase different sub-breeds of the Welsh Corgi . The dance references the Bubble Butt Corgi Twerk . A side-by-side comparison can be seen here . Fuzz Fizz , Corgi Corki , Pretty Kitty Rengar , and Meowrick all share splash arts. Both Cat and Dog splash arts are connected, so several champions can be seen in the background of the splash arts: Primetime Draven Original Neeko as Kitty Cat Katarina Original Kindred Pug'Maw Wicked Lulu's cat polymorph Meowkai Archduke Nasus Original Nidalee Original Poppy Dragon Trainer Tristana Urfwick Astronaut Corki Chromas: Catseye,  Citrine,  Emerald,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Astronauts theme with: Astronaut Bard Astronaut Fizz Astronaut Ivern Astronaut Kennen Astronaut Maokai ...and others Astronaut Poppy Astronaut Singed Astronaut Teemo Astronaut Xerath AstroNautilus References [ ] ↑ LoL Wins IGN Reader's Choice Multiplayer Game and Strategy Game of the Year! ↑ Urfrider Corki | Skins Trailer - League of Legends