Corrupting Potion edit Consume Consumes a charge to regenerate 4. 166 health and 3. 125 mana every 0. 5 seconds over 12 seconds, for a total of 100 health and 75 mana . During this time, damaging basic attacks and ability damage against enemy champions burn them, dealing 15 bonus magic damage over 3 seconds, increased to 20 while the user cannot regenerate mana . Bonus damage is halved if applied by area of effect or damage over time . Passive Holds charges that refill upon visiting the shop (3 charges). Limitations Limited to 1 type of Potion . Recipe + 350 Cost Sell ID 500 200 2033 Availability SR 5v5 Nexus Blitz Menu Mana & Regeneration Health & Regeneration Corrupting Potion is an advanced consumable item in League of Legends . Recipe Corrupting Potion 500 ( 350 ) Refillable Potion 150 Similar items Health Potion Total Biscuit of Everlasting Will Notes Consuming all three charges of Corrupting Potion can restore a total of 300 health and 225 mana . Corrupting Potions can be consumed even while at full health and mana. Corrupting Potions cannot be consumed while in the allied spawn . Any active Corrupting Potions will end prematurely from entering the center of the spawn. Multiple Corrupting Potions can be consumed even while one is already active. This will cause subsequent Corrupting Potions to be consumed after the previous potion is fully consumed (up to 3 in a queue at a time). Selling the Corrupting Potion item ends all active Corrupting Potions immediately. Upgrading from Refillable Potion to Corrupting Potion grants all 3 charges regardless of how many charges Refillable Potion had. The increased bonus damage from Corrupting Potion's effects for being unable to regenerate mana applies either if the user is manaless or at full mana. Map-Specific Differences Howling Abyss differences edit This item is disabled. Strategy Corrupting Potion is often purchased as a starter item for champions that need its sustain or want additional sustain in the earlier parts of the game. Old icons 1st version 2nd version 3rd version Media Item VFX Burn VFX Sound Effects Consumed Link ▶️ Active SFX Effect Active Link ▶️ Active SFX 