For information about the Lore location , see Crystal Scar . Crystal Scar Map “ "The Crystal Scar was once known as the mining village of Kalamanda , until open war between Demacia and Noxus broke out over control of its vast underground riches. Settle your disputes on this Field of Justice by working with your allies to seize capture points and declare dominion over your enemies!" — Crystal Scar in-game description (Pre-client update) ; This bit of map description is non canon and was around the time the map was removed from the game. Crystal Scar is a gameplay map for League of Legends . It was a Field of Justice designed for the Dominion game mode. Dominion was disabled on February 22, 2016, but some of the Crystal Scar assets are still used for the Rotating Game Modes Ascension and Definitely Not Dominion . Contents 1 Gameplay 2 Features 2.1 Capture Points 2.2 Buffs 2.2.1 Greater Relic 2.2.2 Speed Shrines 2.2.3 Health Relics 2.3 Items 2.3.1 Replaced items 2.3.2 Notes 2.3.3 Unavailable items 2.4 Experience requirement 3 Versions 3.1 Dominion Version 3.2 Ascension Version 4 Trivia 5 See also 6 References Gameplay [ ] "You belong in a museum!" This article or section may contain obsolete information, but exists here for historical purposes. Crystal Scar Minimap The Crystal Scar is a circular map with 5 capture points. Unlike other maps which feature laning, the Crystal Scar features a capture-and-hold style of gameplay. This new League of Legends experience is called Dominion . Here two teams of five players battle over a circular map and fight for control over five capture points in an effort to destroy the opposing team's Nexus, which has a starting health of 500. The team that has captured more points than the other begin to deal damage to the opposing enemy nexus until its health reaches 0. This gameplay is designed to be fluid, with both teams constantly seizing the advantage from one another. Features [ ] The outer ring of the Crystal Scar is approximately 28,000 units around, taking about 80 seconds for the average champion to run around without any boots . Capture Points [ ] Main article: Capture point Master Yi attempting to capture the Quarry Capture points represent important strategic locations across the map. Controlling these points and defending them against the opposition is the central focus of Dominion. These locations are: The Windmill , located in the northern part of Kalamanda. The Drill , located in Kalamanda's northeastern section. The Boneyard , located in the southeastern section. The Quarry, in the southwestern section. The Refinery , located in the northwestern section. Buffs [ ] Main article: Buff In the crystal scar there are several fixed position buffs that are placed in strategic locations on the map and come in three different forms: Greater Relic [ ] Nidalee obtaining the Greater Relic The Greater Relic grants two powerful, short duration combat buffs, Storm Shield: Shield and Lightning , granting an absorption shield and a damaging nuke (that attacks and spellcasts proc) to any one teammate. There is one relic for each team and are team-specific. Positioned right next to each other the relics are located at the very center of the Crystal Scar. Speed Shrines [ ] Speed Shrine (Crystal Scar) The Speed Shrines are areas on the map that grant a significant, yet short duration, movement speed bonus to any champion that passes through them. These relics are located in a triangle around the seal. In Dominion and Ascension , there are 3 Speed Shrines while in Definitely Not Dominion , there are 4. Health Relics [ ] The Health Relics are placed in ten areas on the map that grant a replenishment of health and mana for the champion that walks over it. A health relic is located behind every capture point and the rest are positioned around the seal. Items [ ] Crystal Scar Shop Due to the different pace of the game, Dominion offers new items available only on the Crystal Scar and also prohibits other items to maintain balance. Each champion is also provided with a set of recommended items specially for Dominion mode. Replaced items [ ] Many Summoner's Rift items are replaced with other items to maintain balance. For instance, the Prospector items replace the Doran items with double the stats and cost (excluding Doran's Shield ). They are variations of the original items, and remain beneficial to the fast-paced game style of the Dominion game mode. Many of these items are also used on other maps to maintain balance as well. Replaced items: Original items Dominion items Twisted Treeline item Howling Abyss  item Banshee's Veil Odyn's Veil Doran's Blade Prospector's Blade Doran's Ring Prospector's Ring The Bloodthirster Sanguine Blade Zhonya's Hourglass Wooglet's Witchcap Rabadon's Deathcap Wooglet's Witchcap Notes [ ] Doran's Shield did not get a replacement item and can still be purchased from the shop. Entropy and The Lightbringer were items exclusive to this map but they have since been made available on the Howling Abyss . There is only one trinket available. It is different, base on different modes. Dominion : Soul Anchor . Ascension : Golden Transcendence . Definitely Not Dominion : Seer Stone . Unavailable items [ ] Hunter's Machete Sword of the Occult Mejai's Soulstealer Ohmwrecker Warmog's Armor Elixir of Ruin Sightstone Ruby Sightstone Sight Ward Vision Ward Experience requirement [ ] The Crystal Scar had its own experience requirements, which were not exactly but were close to 75% of the values on Summoner's Rift. To reach level XP Cumulative XP 1 0 0 2 210 210 3 285 495 4 360 855 5 435 1290 6 510 1800 7 585 2385 8 660 3045 9 735 3780 10 810 4590 11 885 5475 12 960 6435 13 1035 7470 14 1110 8580 15 1185 9765 16 1260 11025 17 1335 12360 18 1410 13770 Versions [ ] Dominion Version [ ] Dominion version of the map was primarily used for the Dominion and Definitely Not Dominion game modes. It hold the standard look until the maps removal from the game. Ascension Version [ ] Ascension version of the map was used for the Ascension game mode. The largest difference between this map and the standard Dominion one was the increased fog of war placed in all areas of the map besides the centered and ally fountain areas. Besides the channel areas, the outer ring lanes were closed off. Players were not allowed to recall back until they were killed in battle. Trivia [ ] Game Modes Crystal Scar map has been used for certain special, limited-time, featured game modes that circulate in and out. Between September 10 and 25, 2014, Riot made Ascension mode. In this mode, it is not possible to leave the fountain on foot. Instead, players must teleport onto one of the ports (originally the capture points in Dominion) via a game mode-exclusive trinket: the Golden Transcendence . Ascension features a Shuriman-themed user interface, which displays the team scores and the current Ascended. This mode uses all the items and champion changes of Dominion. At the center of the map resides Xerath as an Ancient Ascendant: An immobile neutral monster. Killing him bestows the "Ascension" buff. Champions can only ascend by killing the monster and not by killing another Ascended; instead, the Ancient Ascendant will reappear after an Ascended champion is killed. After the ascended is killed, the Ancient Ascendant will respawn ~30 seconds later with a knock back burst. Several Icons were given for completing certain task in the mode. See also [ ] League of Legends: Dominion League of Legends: Dominion - Gameplay Behind The Scenes League of Legends: Dominion - Art and Sound Behind The Scenes Designing Dominance: The Buffs of League of Legends: Dominion Designing Dominance: The Minions of League of Legends: Dominion Designing Dominance: Quests in League of Legends: Dominion Designing Dominance: The Arsenal of League of Legends: Dominion League of Legends: Dominion Game Mode Spotlight References Game Modes Matchmade PVP Classic 5v5 ( Summoner's Rift ) ARAM ( Howling Abyss ) Teamfight Tactics ( ) Custom Classic ( / ) All Random ( / ) Co-op vs. AI Classic 5v5 ( ) Training Tutorial ( ) Practice Tool ( ) Rotating Game Modes Arena Ascension ( ) Definitely Not Dominion ( ) Dark Star: Singularity ( ) Doom Bots ( ) Hexakill ( ) Hunt of the Blood Moon ( ) Invasion ( ) Legend of the Poro King ( ) Nexus Blitz ( ) Nexus Siege ( ) Odyssey: Extraction ( ) One for All ( / ) OVERCHARGE ( ) Snow Battle ARURF ( ) Snowdown Showdown ( ) Ultimate Spellbook ( ) Ultra Rapid Fire ( ) Draft types All Random (ARAM / Custom) Quickplay (Normal) Draft Pick (Normal / Ranked / Custom) Tournament Draft (Custom / Tournaments / Competitive) Blind With Bans ( ) Majority Vote ( ) Roulette Vote ( ) Banless Draft ( PBE ) Retired / Cancelled All Random Summoner's Rift ( ) Battle Training ( ) Black Market Brawlers ( ) Butcher's Bridge ( ) Classic 3v3 ( ) Classic 5v5 ( ) Dominion ( ) Hexakill ( ) Nemesis Draft ( ) Nexus Blitz ( ) Showdown ( ) Spirit Bonds Team Builder ( )