"Hmm... let me fix that." This article or section is substantially or structurally incomplete. You can help the League of Legends Wiki by expanding it. For more projects, see the Community To Do List . Additional information: This article and the Damage types section in particular contain confusing or outdated information that is presently subject to a complete overhaul. This article was last edited by 1Dawn2Dusk3 on 06-Feb-2024 09:25 . Damage is displayed as a red section on a champion's health bar. Note: Not to be confused with attack damage , a champion statistic, nor health costs . Damage is the deduction of a unit's current health as a result of an offensive interaction referred to as a damage instance or damage event . Contents 1 Damage type classifications 1.1 Damage types 1.2 Damage tags 1.3 Damage properties 2 Damage values 2.1 Base values and character statistics ratios 2.2 Critical strikes and critical damage 2.3 Capped damage 3 Damage value modifiers 3.1 Invulnerability 3.2 Calculating mitigation 3.3 Calculating applied damage 3.4 Engine level 3.5 Script level 4 Subtypes 4.1 Resistance subtypes 4.2 Critical damage 5 Calculating Damage 6 Capped Damage 7 Misconceptions 8 See also Damage type classifications [ ] Damage events in League of Legends can be assigned different types, tags and properties to manage interactions, such as mitigation by the respective type of resistances or additional effects to be triggered by the damage event based on tags. Damage types [ ] Any instance of damage can have only one of the following types: Physical damage Mitigated by armor . Almost all units' basic attacks deal exclusively physical damage . Magic damage Mitigated by magic resistance . The powerful ability casts of Mages deal magic damage . True damage Not reduced by resistances nor almost all damage reduction effects. Reserved for powerful effects or those that for gameplay or technical reasons are not supposed to interact with resistances or reduction effects. True damage still respects shields and invulnerability . Damage tags [ ] Any instance of damage can have none or multiple of the following tags: BasicAttack A tag found on the primary damage instance of basic attacks including empowered forms of basic attacks (e.g. Blitzcrank's Power Fist , Darius' Crippling Strike ), attack-like spells (e.g. Ezreal's Mystic Shot , Fiora's Lunge ) and automatic effects behaving like attacks (e.g. Akshan's Heroic Swing , Bel'Veth's Royal Maelstrom , Urgot's Purge , Runaan's Hurricane ). Damage with this tag will interact with Warden's Mail . ActiveSpell A tag found on damage instances of most abilities and some systemic effects that makes them trigger spell effects , including most empowered basic attacks. Often associated with the user spending mana and/or a cooldown to deal the damage. AOE A tag that lets the game recognize an instance of damage as coming from an area of effect source. Certain pets are more resilient against damage with this tag in order to make them less susceptible against champions with strong area-of-effect abilities. Often accompanies the ActiveSpell tag. Periodic A tag that lets the game recognize an instance of damage as a repetitive kind. Found on Damage debuffs (e.g. Malzahar's Malefic Visions , Singed's Poison Trail , Liandry's Torment ), most non-targeted spells that deal damage repeatedly (e.g. Lucian's The Culling , Morgana's Tormented Soil ). Damage with the periodic tag does not interrupt sleep . Item A tag that lets the game recognize an instance of damage as coming from a non-champion source, such as an item or summoner spell . This allows effects that are supposed to only trigger on champion abilities (e.g. Ravenous Hydra's Cleave , Liandry's Torment's Torment ) to ignore damage instances with this tag. Proc A tag that lets the game recognise an instance of damage as being applied as a secondary effect. This is commonly used for on-hit effects or other instances of damage that shouldn't interact with anything else. This tag is normally reserved for automatic applications of on-hit effects (e.g. Jax's Grandmaster-At-Arms , Kog'Maw's Bio-Arcane Barrage , Blade of the Ruined King ). Pet NonRedirectable Indirect Damage properties [ ] Any instance of damage can have none or multiple of the following properties: ApplyLifesteal A tag that forces a damage instance to apply life steal. Unless otherwise specified it applies at 100% effectiveness, with no penalty for AoE damage. Found on certain auto-attack-like abilities (e.g. Samira's Flair , Camille's Precision Protocol , Hecarim's Devastating Charge ). EnableCallForHelp RespectImmunity RespectDodge A tag that forces a damage instance to respect dodges (e.g. Nilah's Jubilant Veil , Jax's Counter Strike ). This is the default for basic damage, as well as some abilities. TriggerOnHitEvents TriggerDamageEvents ApplyOmnivamp Nameless property Damage values [ ] Base values and character statistics ratios [ ] Critical strikes and critical damage [ ] Capped damage [ ] Damage value modifiers [ ] See also: Damage modifier Invulnerability [ ] See also: Invulnerability Calculating mitigation [ ] See also: Armor and Magic Resistance Calculating applied damage [ ] See also: Shields The information below describes an outdated model of damage classification, but will continue to exist until the section and cross-wiki references are fully overhauled. There are two systems for classifying damages: an engine-level system and a script-level system. As the name suggests, the engine-level system is integrated into the game's engine; while the script-level system is a relatively modern addition that allows Riot more flexibility. Damage classifications modify what effects are triggered when damage is dealt or received - e.g. on-hit effects (such as Wit's End ) are triggered whenever your champion deals a source of basic damage . Engine level [ ] Wiki Name API name Description Example(s) Raw damage e raw Damage that ignores shields. It is hard-coded to ignore resurrection , but specific instances are then special-cased to be un-ignored. Fear Beyond Death , Death from Below and Nexus Obelisk (to non-champions) N/A internalraw As above, but also ignores invulnerability . Resurrection and Bailout are ignored. Nexus Obelisk (to champions), Rift Herald's self-damage, Cell Division's redirected damage, and Friend of the Forest's grove freeing to monsters Default damage e periodic [s 1] Ability-based procs with no interactions. Effects without a proper damage type default to this category, including most splash damage. Umbra Blades , Ricochet , Liandry's Torment , Tiamat , Ignite Proc damage e proc [s 2] Attack-based procs with no interactions. Proc effects are triggered whenever you deal basic damage . Wit's End and Kircheis Shard Reactive damage e reactive Damage type dealt by Thorns. Similar reflection effects (e.g. Annie and Rammus) are classified as area damage. Only Thornmail and Bramble Vest Basic damage e attack [s 3] Damage dealt by any unit(s), which includes turrets, neutral monsters, and minions basic attack and some champion abilities. Mystic Shot , Lunge , Steel Tempest Spell damage e spell [s 4] Damage used for single target abilities and some basic attacks. Disintegrate , Ace in the Hole , Noxian Diplomacy , Pick a Card Area damage e spellaoe Damage dealt by most abilities capable of damaging multiple units. Incinerate , Rupture , Eye of Destruction Persistent damage e spellpersist Damage dealt through DoTs Blaze , Malefic Visions Pet damage e pet Damage dealt by most pet basic attacks. Other pet damage is classified as Spell/SpellPersist. Tibbers , Daisy , Eulogy of the Isles ↑ The League of Legends Wiki decided that the word "periodic" would be too easily misunderstood due to the implication of 'bleed' or 'over-time' behaviour. ↑ The term 'proc' refers to a mechanic that has a chance of triggering, which is common in games such as World of Warcraft (e.g., "Your attacks have an x % chance to cause [...]" effects). League of Legends originally featured 'true' proc effects (e.g., "your attacks have a chance to slow.") However, the design philosophy of Riot Games' over-time grew more towards preferring 'on-hit' or "every nth attack" to purely random mechanics. Despite this: the engine-level label persisted. The term 'proc' now describes all additional effect triggers even if they are not guaranteed, 'proc' is used as a verb when triggering such an effect. ↑ The League of Legends Wiki elected to use the 'basic' portion of basic attack to refer to this damage type to avoid confusion between 'attack damage' the damage type and attack damage the statistic. ↑ Some abilities such as Karthus' Lay Waste are capable of dealing either spell damage or area damage depending on the number of targets hit. Before our editors determined the above damage types from the game files, the wiki's damage type documentation was based on observation. The wiki previously grouped spell , spellaoe and spellpersist as a single 'ability damage' type, with 'single target,' 'aoe' and 'dot' being noted as subtypes. The wiki also used pure damage as a conjectural placeholder for the now-termed raw damage . While the described functionality was usually correct, the previous documentation included many 'special cases' for abilities that did not behave consistently with the observed rules. Despite having distinct use-cases, proc damage and default damage are almost indistinguishable in terms of their gameplay functionality. Differentiating the two damage types without accessing the game files is extremely difficult for some effects. One of the only known ways to distinguish the two types involves Teemo : Instances of default damage do not disable Move Quick's passive movement speed, while instances of proc damage will. This distinction does not apply to other "out of combat" effects. Script level [ ] The following are the currently known script-tags: AOE Periodic Indirect BasicAttack ActiveSpell Proc Pet NonRedirectable Item For the most part, the two systems correlate and so the League of Legends Wiki has elected to not to document the script-level system separately across all articles. Instances where script-level tags create deviations from engine-level rules will be noted on a case-by-case basis in the ability-details. A notable but consistent deviation is persistent area damage , as documented below: Wiki Name API name Description Example(s) Persistent area damage e N/A Abilities classified as area damage on an engine-level, but periodic on a script level. This means that engine-level effects (such as spell vamp ) trigger the reduced healing, while script-level effects (such as Arcane Comet ) trigger the damage-over-time cooldown reduction. Darkness Rise , Tormented Shadow , The Equalizer Subtypes [ ] Resistance subtypes [ ] See also: Armor and Magic Resistance Resistance subtypes are a secondary typing system that exists to promote champion classes by diversifying the effectiveness of items and champion match-ups. There is a small selection of effects that are triggered by specific subtypes rather than the above archetypes - e.g. Morellonomicon will trigger on anything with the magic damage subtype, including abilities, basic attacks and on-hit effects (i.e. Wit's End will trigger Morellonomicon on a champion with no other source of magic damage). These are the damage types visible to players in-game. Name Description Example Physical damage A damage type thematically associated with making physical contact, such as fists, swords and the physical projectiles of bows and guns. Armor reduces incoming physical damage. Most basic attacks; most AD-scaling abilities; some item effects. Magic damage A damage type thematically associated with non-physical, such as magic or the supernatural. Magic resistance reduces incoming magic damage. Most AP-scaling abilities; some item effects; Corki's basic attacks. True damage A damage type thematically associated with bypassing the target's defenses. Not to be confused with raw damage . A select few sources, such as Smite , Ignite , Silver Bolts and Reckless Swing . Critical damage [ ] Critical damage is an additional tag applied to critical strikes and some abilities. Critical damage will be reduced by Randuin's Omen , triggers impact text , as well as the highest instance of critical damage being tracked in the post-game stats. Note that there also exists cosmetic critical strikes that trigger the critical strike impact text , but don't otherwise behave like critical strikes. Calculating Damage [ ] Physical and magic damage are first reduced (or amplified) by armor and magic resistance respectively before being applied to target, which is referred to as post-mitigation damage. This can be calculated through a damage multiplier . Physical damage's damage multiplier: D a m a g e m u l t i p l i e r = { 100 100 + A r m o r , i f A r m o r ≥ 0 2 − 100 100 − A r m o r , o t h e r w i s e {\displaystyle \pagecolor{White}\color{Black}{\rm Damage\ multiplier}=\begin{cases}{100 \over 100+{\it Armor}}, & {\rm if\ }{\it Armor} \geq 0\\2 - {100 \over 100 - {\it Armor}}, & {\rm otherwise}\end{cases}} Magic damage's damage multiplier: D a m a g e m u l t i p l i e r = { 100 100 + M R , i f M R ≥ 0 2 − 100 100 − M R , o t h e r w i s e {\displaystyle \pagecolor{White}\color{Black}{\rm Damage\ multiplier}=\begin{cases}
{100 \over 100+{\it MR}}, & {\rm if\ }{\it MR} \geq 0\\
2 - {100 \over 100 - {\it MR}}, & {\rm otherwise}
\end{cases}} Additionally, damage reduction can exist in forms other than armor and magic resistance (e.g. Alistar's Unbreakable Will or Irelia's Defiant Dance ). These modifiers are multiplicative with Armor or Magic resistances. See also: Damage recieved modifier Capped Damage [ ] Some abilities, scaling with target's health , have a capped amount of damage they can deal to a target. This is made to avoid dealing massive damage to targets with a lot of health, most often against only minions and/or monsters . If the ability deals enough damage (before damage reductions) to reach the cap, the ability's damage is reduced to the cap and damage reductions are then applied. This means that against a target that has negative armor or magic resistance the ability's post-mitigation damage can be higher than the cap. Misconceptions [ ] The resistance types—physical, magic and true—are often regarded by players to be the archetypal damage types, which leads to a lot of misconceptions. For example, some players believe that magic damage, ability damage and AP are all interchangeable terms, with even prominent streamers referring to abilities as dealing "AP damage" and "AD damage". This is incorrect. It is possible for basic attacks to deal magic damage (e.g. Corki ); it is possible for abilities to deal physical damage (e.g. Riven ); it is possible for AD-scaling abilities to deal magic damage (e.g. Shyvana ); and it is possible for non-magic damage to apply spell effects (e.g. Luden's Companion would trigger on Riven if she chose to buy it, although she's discouraged due to her having no AP scalings). Similarly, many players believe that life steal and spell vamp are specific to physical and magic damage, respectively. Life steal will apply to anything classified as basic damage (including the magic damage from Takedown , Hextech Munitions and Infinite Duress ), and spell vamp will apply to anything classified as ability damage (including the physical damage from Comet Spear and true damage from Reckless Swing ). See also [ ] Damage modifier Magic damage Physical damage True damage Gameplay Elements Targeting Types Auto ( Passive · Self ) · Direction · Location · Unit · Proximity · Vector ( Collision · Radius ) Unit types Champion · Minion · Monster · Pets · Structures ( Turret · Inhibitor · Nexus ) Effect types Ability effects · Attack effects ( On-hit ) · Area of effect · Damage over time · Heal · Multi-hit · Redirected damage · Shield · Single-targeted Ability types Attached · Aura · Blink · Buff · Channel · Combat status · Crowd control · Damage ( Ability · Basic · Magic · Physical · True · Nexus Obelisk · Execution ) · Dash · Debuff · Invulnerability · Pet · Projectile · Sight · Spell shield · Stealth · Tether · Untargetability · Ward