Damage over time ( DoT ) is a term used to describe damage from an ability or effect that is dealt over an extended period of time rather than occurring immediately. A DoT will deal damage that occurs at its individually specified intervals. An instance of damage at a given interval is known as a Tick . Ticks occur at many different rates: every second ( 1 ), every half-second ( 0. 5 ), or every quarter-second ( 0. 25 ), and occasionally every half of a quarter-second ( 0. 125 ). All DoTs follow their own individually specified tickrate . Damage over time can trigger spell effects , usually through the persistent damage or persistent area damage source type. Although some may use periodic damage or area damage . Contents 1 Types of DoTs 1.1 Target-Sourced DoTs 1.2 Tether-Sourced DoTs 1.3 Area-Sourced DoTs 1.3.1 Location-Sourced Area DoTs 1.3.2 Unit-Sourced Area DoTs Types of DoTs [ ] Target-Sourced DoTs [ ] Target-Sourced DoTs deal damage over time using a debuff on the target that will continuously damage it for as long as it persists. This type of DoT is usually not removable once it has been applied. The debuff used to apply this type of DoT may or may not be capable of stacking but almost always is capable of being refreshed if a new instance of the debuff is applied. Champion abilities Brand's Blaze Briar's Crimson Curse Cassiopeia's Noxious Blast Darius' Hemorrhage Fizz's Seastone Trident Gangplank's Trial by Fire Hwei's Spiraling Despair Lillia's Dream-Laden Bough Malzahar's Malefic Visions Maokai's Sapling Toss Milio's Fired Up! Naafiri's Darkin Daggers Nautilus' Titan's Wrath Nidalee's Bushwhack Smolder's Super Scorcher Breath Talon's Blade's End Teemo's Toxic Shot and Noxious Trap Trundle's Subjugate Twitch's Deadly Venom Items Corrupting Potion Death's Dance (self damage) Liandry's Torment ( Liandry's Lament ) Scorchclaw Pup Summoner Spells Ignite Neutral Buffs Crest of Cinders Aspect of the Dragon Tether-Sourced DoTs [ ] Tether-Sourced DoTs are DoTs that are applied when an ability deals damage over time to any tethered targets. If the tether breaks, the DoT is removed immediately. Champion abilities Fiddlesticks' Bountiful Harvest Malzahar's Nether Grasp Nocturne's Unspeakable Horror Area-Sourced DoTs [ ] Area-Sourced DoTs deal damage over time to targets with a designated area . The damage stops if a target leaves the designated area; However, some DoTs use a short-duration debuff that continuously reapplies to targets inside the affected area and then lingers momentarily after a target leaves the area. There are two sub-types for this type of DoT: Location-Sourced Area DoTs and Unit-Sourced Area DoTs . Location-Sourced Area DoTs [ ] Location-Sourced Area DoTs apply refreshing debuffs that damage or inflict status effects to enemies within a designated location. Most, if not all effects, will end immediately upon a target leaving the source's location. Enemies entering the location will begin receiving the effects of the DoT. Location DoTs must have an area with a fixed shape, however, the source's location is allowed to alter its location and the source's scale of affected area may vary so long as the original shape is unchanged. Champion abilities Anivia's Glacial Storm Aurelion Sol's Singularity Cassiopeia's Miasma Corki's Valkyrie and Special Delivery Galio's Winds of War Gangplank's Cannon Barrage Hwei's Molten Fissure Malzahar's Null Zone Miss Fortune's Make It Rain Morgana's Tormented Shadow Nasus' Spirit Fire Rammus' Soaring Slam Rumble's The Equalizer Singed's Poison Trail Shyvana's Flame Breath during Dragon's Descent Udyr's Wingborne Storm , Awaken recast Viktor's Chaos Storm Items Malignance Unit-Sourced Area DoTs [ ] Unit-Sourced Area DoTs deal damage over time to targets within a given direction or as an aura , with the source being the unit inflicting or being afflicted by the DoT. Champion abilities Alistar's Trample Amumu's Despair Annie's Summon Tibbers Aurelion Sol's Breath of Light Bel'Veth's Royal Maelstrom Corki's Gatling Gun Dr. Mundo's Heart Zapper Fiddlesticks' Crowstorm Garen's Judgment Hecarim's Spirit of Dread Hwei's Spiraling Despair Jayce's Lightning Field Karthus' Defile Katarina's Death Lotus Kennen's Slicing Maelstrom Lucian's The Culling Miss Fortune's Bullet Time Mordekaiser's Darkness Rise Nasus' Fury of the Sands Nilah's Apotheosis Ornn's Bellows Breath Pantheon's Aegis Assault Rell's Magnet Storm Renekton's Dominus Rumble's Flamespitter Samira's Inferno Trigger Shyvana's Burnout Swain's Demonic Ascension Udyr's Wingborne Storm Vel'Koz's Life Form Disintegration Ray Vladimir's Sanguine Pool Wukong's Cyclone Items Bami's Cinder Hollow Radiance Sunfire Aegis Unending Despair Zeke's Convergence Gameplay Elements Targeting Types Auto ( Passive · Self ) · Direction · Location · Unit · Proximity · Vector ( Collision · Radius ) Unit types Champion · Minion · Monster · Pets · Structures ( Turret · Inhibitor · Nexus ) Effect types Ability effects · Attack effects ( On-hit ) · Area of effect · Damage over time · Heal · Multi-hit · Redirected damage · Shield · Single-targeted Ability types Attached · Aura · Blink · Buff · Channel · Combat status · Crowd control · Damage ( Ability · Basic · Magic · Physical · True · Nexus Obelisk · Execution ) · Dash · Debuff · Invulnerability · Pet · Projectile · Sight · Spell shield · Stealth · Tether · Untargetability · Ward