Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Darius View in 3D 880 / 22-May-2012 Lord Darius View in 3D 975 / 22-May-2012 Bioforge Darius View in 3D 975 / 13-Nov-2012 Woad King Darius View in 3D 975 / 16-Jun-2013 Dunkmaster Darius View in 3D 1820 / 12-Oct-2014 Academy Darius View in 3D 750 / 26-Aug-2015 God-King Darius View in 3D 1820 / 27-Jun-2018 High Noon Darius View in 3D 1350 / 10-Oct-2019 Crime City Nightmare Darius View in 3D 1350 / 26-Aug-2021 Spirit Blossom Darius View in 3D 1350 / 06-Oct-2022 Crime City Nightmare Darius Chromas Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Underground Dunkmaster Darius Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Citrine Emerald Mythic High Noon Darius Chromas Emerald Nomad Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Original Darius Chromas Black Iron Bronze Copper Spirit Blossom Darius Chromas Catseye Emerald Night Blossom Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Legacy Vault Lunar Beast Darius View in 3D 1350 / 04-Feb-2021 Lunar Beast Darius Chromas Catseye Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Vitality Rare & Limited Dreadnova Darius View in 3D Special / 12-Apr-2017 Upcoming Porcelain Darius View in 3D 1350 / N/A Porcelain Darius Chromas Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Turquoise Screenshots [ ] Lord Darius Bioforge Darius Woad King Darius Dunkmaster Darius Academy Darius Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Axe Diplomacy Healing from Decimate (Q) Dunks Champions killed with Noxian Guillotine (R) Exsanguinations Damage to champions with Hemorrhage (P) Bleed 'Em Dry Multiple champions hit with Decimate (Q) Bloody Strong Bonus damage to champions with Attacks and Abilities from Noxian Might (P2) C'mere Multiple champions pulled with Apprehend (E) Trivia [ ] Original Darius Chromas: Black Iron,  Bronze,  Copper Original Darius His splash art featured shadowy figures behind him which resembled Aatrox , whom participated in many wars. Lord Darius This skin shares the Rift Quest theme with: Bard Bard Braum Lionheart Demolisher Nunu & Willump Gragas Caskbreaker Rageborn Mundo ...and others Rugged Garen Ryze Whitebeard Sejuani Dawnchaser Twitch Shadowfoot Varus Swiftbolt Him being Swain's right-hand man implies this is Darius after Tyrant Swain became Grand General of Noxus . His armor has many raven motifs referencing Beatrice , the raven always perched atop Swain's shoulder. His eyes glowing implies either empowerment or mind control (which one is uncertain). Bioforge Darius This skin shares the Silver Age theme with: Augmented Singed Chemtech Tryndamere Cryocore Brand Deadly Kennen Feral Warwick ...and others Phoenix Quinn Rocket Girl Tristana Super Kennen Super Teemo Toxic Dr. Mundo His abilities glow green. This and his production name being 'Zaun Knight Darius' implies he was augmented with techmaturgy in a fashion similar to Urgot's resurrection. He bears a slight resemblance to the Alpha Sections from the game Beyond Good & Evil , especially the tank on his back . Woad King Darius This skin shares the Woad theme with: Battleborn Kayle Exiled Morgana Woad Ashe Woad Scout Quinn He is fighting Lokfarian Frost Serpents, the same ones Olaf fought in his quest for glorious death. He resembles Mel Gibson 's portrayal of William Wallace in Braveheart . His production name was 'Norse King Darius'. Dunkmaster Darius Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Citrine,  Emerald,  Mythic This skin shares the Dunkmaster theme with: Dunkmaster Ivern He came about after fan suggestions and memes depicting Noxian Guillotine as a Basketball slam dunk . The back of his shirt features the Noxian crest, implying he represents/fights for Noxus on the court/battlefield. He performs Michael Jordan 's slam dunk when using Noxian Guillotine and/or recalling . In the Taiwanese server he is called 'Slam Dunk Darius' referencing the eponymous manga. He might be referencing the US NBA. If Darius was from Earth, this would be his job. The same applies to Primetime Draven and Forecast Janna . A login theme was planned but due to multiple content coming out at the same time (Worlds, Sion etc.) it went unreleased . However, it is available on YouTube and was posted by League of Legends and Kungfu . Academy Darius This skin shares the Academy theme with: Academy Ahri Academy Ekko Academy Vladimir Headmistress Fiora Professor Ryze The group is in classroom 1337, which references Leetspeak . He references delinquents in South Korean high schools. He shares a strong resemblance with JP , one of the main protagonists from the 2009 animated racing film Redline , down to the shoulder-spikes, band-aid on the left cheek, and blue hair. Dreadnova Darius This skin shares the Dreadnova theme with: Dreadnova Gangplank He might be referencing Edmund Duke from StarCraft . His chain axe and armor may reference a Chaos Space Marine Berzerker from the Warhammer 40,000 board game. God-King Darius This skin shares the Battle of the God-Kings theme with: God-King Garen His dance is a reference to the Dancing Brazilian Dog video . A side-by-side comparison can be seen here . His splash art is part of a larger picture in which he is fighting God-King Garen . God-King Darius is a Being of Chaos and Nightbringer Yasuo is one of his ancestors. High Noon Darius Chromas: Emerald,  Nomad,  Obsidian,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the High Noon theme with: Bandito Fiddlesticks Cowgirl Miss Fortune High Noon Hecarim High Noon Leona High Noon Senna ...and others High Noon Thresh High Noon Twitch Longhorn Alistar Sandscourge Skarner Sheriff Caitlyn Lunar Beast Darius Chromas: Catseye,  Obsidian,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Vitality This skin shares the Lunar Beast theme with: Lunar Beast Alistar Lunar Beast Annie Lunar Beast Aphelios Lunar Beast Fiora Lunar Beast Jarvan IV Lunar Beast Viego Prestige Lunar Beast Fiora Crime City Nightmare Darius Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Underground This skin shares the Crime City Nightmare theme with: Crime City Nightmare Akali Crime City Nightmare Shaco Crime City Nightmare Twisted Fate Crime City Nightmare Zyra Spirit Blossom Darius Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Night Blossom,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the Spirit Blossom theme with: Prestige Spirit Blossom Teemo Spirit Blossom Ahri Spirit Blossom Aphelios Spirit Blossom Evelynn Spirit Blossom Kindred ...and others Spirit Blossom Sett Spirit Blossom Teemo Spirit Blossom Thresh Spirit Blossom Yone Spirit Blossom Yorick He represents the Spirit of War in the Spirit Blossom festival. His facial features and hair bear close resemblance to that of Akuma from Street Fighter . References [ ]