"You belong in a museum!" This article or section may contain obsolete information, but exists here for historical purposes. Dark Star: Singularity Dark Star: Singularity is a temporary game mode that first occurred from May 4th to 15th, 2017. Contents 1 Description 2 Objective 3 Mechanics 3.1 Items 4 Trivia 5 Media 6 References Description [ ] Play as Thresh to hook and flay your enemies into the Dark Star and feed it souls, helping Thresh cause the Singularity and end the universe! Players: 3v3 Map: Cosmic Ruins Mode Type: No picks. Everyone plays Dark Star Thresh (with slightly modified abilities). Cosmic Death Sentence Range massively increased, cooldown reduced and mana cost removed. Pulls enemies much farther based on their missing health . If you throw a Death Sentence through the center of the Dark Star, it lights on fire and deals 250 bonus true damage to the target. While an enemy is bound by your Death Sentence , you are immune to that enemy's Death Sentence . You can dash through the Dark Star if you grab someone across the star. Gravitational Dark Passage Shield removed, cooldown increased and mana cost removed. Lantern duration reduced to 1. 5 seconds from 4. An ally in danger will be automatically saved by Dark Passage , without them needing to click on the lantern. Dark Energy Flay Cooldown reduced and mana cost removed. The passive bonus magic damage builds up in only 4 seconds after your last basic attack and hits harder. Throws enemies much farther based on their missing health , cooldown reduced. The Box Ability removed. Not available on the Cosmic Ruins because Thresh doesn't need his box to end the universe. Objective [ ] Best of 3 rounds. Round win is first to 100 points. Sacrificing an Abyss Scuttler earns 1 point and a champion earns 5 points. Mechanics [ ] Gold , experience , items , and summoner spells have been disabled. Everyone starts at level 3, and has skill points automatically distributed to their abilities. Every champion has the same stats : 54 attack damage , 0 ability power , 16 armor , 32 magic resistance , 1. 00 attack speed , 0% cooldown reduction, 0% critical strike chance and 385 movement speed . Champions cannot be killed by basic attacks or abilities ; the only way to kill a champion is by pulling them into the Dark Star, which kills them instantly. Size of champions become smaller based on their missing health . Champions will be displaced further based on their missing health . Try basic attacking enemies before hooking or flaying them. Thresh will spawn in space around the edge of the map. He can move around in space and can step onto the Cosmic Ruins from wherever he likes. When stepping in, he becomes slowed by 90% decaying over 0. 5 seconds. While in space, Thresh is untargetable , cannot basic attack nor cast abilities and has 1000 movement speed . Spawn timers are extremely short. Three Gravity Anchors (blue orbs) are positioned around the Cosmic Ruins. Hooking one will pull Thresh to it. Being saved by Dark Passage or hooking a Gravity Anchor will break out of any disable / knockback and render the champion untargetable for the travel duration. Health Relics will spawn around the map. They can be grabbed , and will restore full health . Items [ ] Everyone also starts with six cosmetic items in their inventory describing the game mode rules. Cosmic Shackle Singularity Lantern Dark Matter Scythe Cloak of Stars Dark Star Sigil Gravity Boots Trivia [ ] This mode is heavily inspired by the Dark Star skin theme and was released concurrently with the 2017 Dark Star skins. This mode is the first game mode not to have a champion select screen before the game. It is the first game mode to have only one playable champion for each player, and to that extent the first game mode to unlock a certain skin for each player while they are playing the champion in the mode. It is the first game mode to primarily have cosmetic items, and to that extent no item shop. The icon for Gravity Boots is a purple recolor of the icon for the Speed Shrine buff. Media [ ] Music Videos Gallery Summoner Icons Related Music Dark Star 2017 - Login Screen Related Videos Dark Star 2017 Teaser Dark Star: Singularity Promo 1 (by Riot Artist Carlos Ruiz ) Dark Star: Singularity Promo 2 (by Riot Artist Carlos Ruiz ) Cosmic Ruins Concept 1 Cosmic Ruins Concept 2 Cosmic Ruins Concept 3 (by Riot Artist Grace Liu ) Cosmic Ruins Concept 4 (by Riot Artist Grace Liu ) Cosmic Ruins Concept 5 (by Riot Artist Grace Liu ) Cosmic Ruins Concept 6 (by Riot Artist Grace Liu ) Cosmic Ruins Concept 7 (by Riot Artist Grace Liu ) Cosmic Ruins Concept 8 Cosmic Ruins Concept 9 Cosmic Ruins Concept 10 Cosmic Ruins Concept 11 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Cosmic Ruins Concept 13 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Cosmic Ruins Concept 14 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Cosmic Ruins Concept 15 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Main article: Summoner icon Corruption Cosmic Ruins References Game Modes Matchmade PVP Classic 5v5 ( Summoner's Rift ) ARAM ( Howling Abyss ) Teamfight Tactics ( ) Custom Classic ( / ) All Random ( / ) Co-op vs. AI Classic 5v5 ( ) Training Tutorial ( ) Practice Tool ( ) Rotating Game Modes Arena Ascension ( ) Definitely Not Dominion ( ) Dark Star: Singularity ( ) Doom Bots ( ) Hexakill ( ) Hunt of the Blood Moon ( ) Invasion ( ) Legend of the Poro King ( ) Nexus Blitz ( ) Nexus Siege ( ) Odyssey: Extraction ( ) One for All ( / ) OVERCHARGE ( ) Snow Battle ARURF ( ) Snowdown Showdown ( ) Ultimate Spellbook ( ) Ultra Rapid Fire ( ) Draft types All Random (ARAM / Custom) Quickplay (Normal) Draft Pick (Normal / Ranked / Custom) Tournament Draft (Custom / Tournaments / Competitive) Blind With Bans ( ) Majority Vote ( ) Roulette Vote ( ) Banless Draft ( PBE ) Retired / Cancelled All Random Summoner's Rift ( ) Battle Training ( ) Black Market Brawlers ( ) Butcher's Bridge ( ) Classic 3v3 ( ) Classic 5v5 ( ) Dominion ( ) Hexakill ( ) Nemesis Draft ( ) Nexus Blitz ( ) Showdown ( ) Spirit Bonds Team Builder ( )