"You belong in a museum!" This article or section may contain obsolete information, but exists here for historical purposes. This item has been removed on patch V13.23 . Deathfire Grasp edit Stats +120 ability power +10 ability haste Active Unique – The Silence : Deals magic damage equal to 15% of the target enemy champion's maximum health and increases all subsequent magic damage taken by the target by 15% for 4 seconds (90 second cooldown; 750 range). Recipe + + 850 Cost Sell ID 3000 2100 3128 Availability Nexus Blitz Menu Mage Ability Power Ability Haste Keywords dfg Deathfire Grasp was a legendary item in League of Legends . It was exclusive to Nexus Blitz . Recipe Deathfire Grasp 3000 ( 850 ) Needlessly Large Rod 1250 Fiendish Codex 900 ( 250 ) Amplifying Tome 400 Glowing Mote 250 Similar items Banshee's Veil Luden's Echo Rabadon's Deathcap Zhonya's Hourglass Notes A champion affected by the Doom debuff. The activated damage triggers on-ability effects , such as Rylai's Crystal Scepter and spell vamp , and is treated as a single-target spell for the purpose of these effects. It does not apply champion-specific effects (such as Brand's Blaze ). Strategy It is best used to initiate fights, as it amplified all subsequent magic damage the target takes. It is worth noting that that the damage amplifier would increase magic damage dealt from all sources, not just the holder of Deathfire Grasp. Deathfire Grasp is a great choice on burst mages who had the potential to kill enemies in a single spell combo, such as Veigar and LeBlanc . Deathfire Grasp is a better option when more than one member of a team dealt primarily magic damage, such as an AP support. Deathfire Grasp's active. Old icons 1st version Trivia When Deathfire Grasp was originally added, it was far too powerful on certain champions and was removed and reworked into its current iteration. Its previous behavior has now been reinstated and slightly modified into Liandry's Torment . In the V1.0.0.61 patch, the item was reimplemented with a new functionality. Deathfire Grasp , Randuin's Omen , Shurelya's Reverie and Youmuu's Ghostblade were released as a quartet of "sister items" that share similar features, specifically having an active ability and a gold-generating item in their recipe. [1] Abilities that caused you to deal increased damage also increase the damage dealt by Deathfire Grasp (e.g. Vladimir's Hemoplague ). Also, Deathfire Grasp's debuff "Doom" stacked additively with other sources of percentile received damage amplification (for example, Vladimir's Hemoplague ) However it stacked multiplicatively with all sources of percentile dealt damage amplification (for example, Vladimir's Hemoplague ), as long as the incoming damage was magical. This item was removed in Season Five because, while originally intended as a way to allow AP assassins and burst mages to deal with tanks, was actually used most of time to completely obliterate squishy champions without allowing them a chance to survive, even forcing champions like Ahri into a playstyle that wasn't originally intended for them. As such, Riot removed Deathfire Grasp to allow them to better balance burst mages and AP assassins. They then created Luden's Echo to replace Deathfire Grasp as the go-to item for burst APs. Pentakill's first volume, Pentakill: Smite and Ignite , named its second track after this item. Revisions Hide Season 5 version Deathfire Grasp Availability Summoner's Rift Howling Abyss Tier Legendary Stats +120 ability power +10% cooldown reduction Active Unique: Deals 15% of target champion's maximum health in magic damage and applies the debuff, Doom . Doom amplifies all magic damage that champion takes by 20% for 4 seconds (90 second cooldown) (750 range). Menu Magic > Ability Power Magic > Cooldown Reduction Cost Sell Code 3100 ( 680 ) 2170 3128 Recipe Deathfire Grasp 3100 ( 680 ) Needlessly Large Rod 1600 Fiendish Codex 820 ( 385 ) Amplifying Tome 435 