Death Recap is the damage summary window that appears for the player when their champion dies . Contents 1 Gameplay 1.1 General 1.2 Minimized Form 1.3 Expanded 2 Trivia 3 Old Death Recap 4 Media Gameplay [ ] General [ ] In League of Legends, damage sub-types are represented by 3 colors, which are displayed in Death Recap (and ordered as such): Red is for physical damage . Blue is for magic damage . White is for true damage . Minimized Form [ ] In its minimized form, Death Recap displays condensed, general information about your last fight before your champion died. The total damage that your champion has taken from up-to up to 5 sources (prioritized by absolute damage taken) since entering combat is shown on the left, along with icons of the sources themselves. The enemy champion that scored the kill is highlighted with a red icon ( ). The percentage of each damage sub-type is displayed as a pie chart on the left, and as values next to it. The full duration you spent in combat and the crowd control duration are also displayed at the top, in seconds. Expanded [ ] Clicking on the window expands Death Recap to display more specific information, including the actual values of total damage taken per damage sub-type, and a list of enemies that you have taken damage from, sorted by total damage taken. Specific information about enemies includes: The values of damage taken per sub-type, from that enemy. The Kill Score (Kills/Deaths/Assists) of the champion (if any). The contributing damage sources from each enemy, such as attacks and abilities. These are shown in-line and sorted from highest to lowest damage (regardless of damage sub-type). Basic attacks are denoted by the icon: . Abilities, runes , (non-ability–sourced) buffs and de-buffs, and damaging summoner spells are denoted by their unique icon. Hovering over the icon of each damage source will reveal extra tooltip information. Trivia [ ] Prior to V9.14 , the death recap used the icon of an alpha item with unknown effects called Long Staff to denote basic attacks. In an unusual fashion and with no particular cause, this icon may rarely appear instead of the regular basic attack icon. Occasionally, Death Recap may bug out and show an "Unknown" damage source. The actual damage source is usually legitimate, if the game is working as intended. Old Death Recap [ ] Hide Show It is displayed when a player's champion has been slain ; the player can open the Death Recap window which will summarize all of the damage they received during their final moments. At the bottom of the recap window, it shows the total of the damage, and the amount of time in which it occurred. The Death Recap window provides informative tips on how to avoid being killed by the same Champion and spells again by hovering over the Champion's section of the window or hovering over the spell icon respectively. It also displays the items the killing and assisting Champions have, and the stats of those items. The fatal damage taken is broken down on an integer and percentage basis, so that players can have a complete and thorough understanding of exactly how they were taken down. A lot of glitches still exist, such as towers adding to a Champion's basic attack damage. These glitches are mostly negligible, however. In the death recap, there are some spells such as Toxic Shot which modify basic attacks, and so it counts for all the damage. For example, you could see Teemo hit 1600 with Toxic Shot . Additionally, damage dealt by the Nexus Obelisk does not show up on the Death Recap in any form. Media [ ] Videos Gallery Old Death Recap Gameplay Elements Targeting Types Auto ( Passive · Self ) · Direction · Location · Unit · Proximity · Vector ( Collision · Radius ) Unit types Champion · Minion · Monster · Pets · Structures ( Turret · Inhibitor · Nexus ) Effect types Ability effects · Attack effects ( On-hit ) · Area of effect · Damage over time · Heal · Multi-hit · Redirected damage · Shield · Single-targeted Ability types Attached · Aura · Blink · Buff · Channel · Combat status · Crowd control · Damage ( Ability · Basic · Magic · Physical · True · Nexus Obelisk · Execution ) · Dash · Debuff · Invulnerability · Pet · Projectile · Sight · Spell shield · Stealth · Tether · Untargetability · Ward