Death's Dance edit Stats +55 attack damage +15 ability haste +40 armor Passive Unique – Ignore Pain : Reduces ( 30% / 10% ) of all post-mitigation physical and magic damage received and instead stores the damage to successively take it as true damage over 3 seconds, dealing a third of the stored damage each second. Unique – Defy : If an enemy champion dies within 3 seconds of you damaging them, removes Ignore Pain's remaining stored damage and heals you for 50% bonus AD over 2 seconds. Limitations Limited to 1 Death's Dance . Recipe + + 1000 Cost Sell ID 3200 2240 6333 Availability SR 5v5 HA ARAM Nexus Blitz Arena Menu Fighter Attack Damage Armor Ability Haste Keywords dd Bloodbag Death's Dance is a legendary item in League of Legends . Recipe Death's Dance 3200 ( 1000 ) Steel Sigil 1100 ( 450 ) Long Sword 350 Cloth Armor 300 Caulfield's Warhammer 1100 ( 150 ) Long Sword 350 Glowing Mote 250 Long Sword 350 Cost Analysis Gold Value 55 attack damage = 1925 15 ability haste = 750 40 armor = 800 Total Gold Value = 3475 Gold efficiency Death's Dance's base stats are 108. 59 % gold efficient. Similar items Guardian Angel Maw of Malmortius Ravenous Hydra Sundered Sky Immortal Shieldbow Notes Ignore Pain reduces and stores damage that is mitigated by shields . Ignore Pain will refresh the user's combat status for every instance of damage it deals to them, delaying and interrupting certain effects that require the user to be out of combat. Ignore Pain may kill the user as the stored damage can reduce their health below 1. Ignore Pain will store damage even if it is mitigated by shields . The bleed damage will only be mitigated by normal shields and not other shield types, including physical and magic shields. Each instance of damage received is stored and dealt individually by Ignore Pain , regardless on when other instances of damage were taken. Ignore Pain's effect applies after the mitigation from Frozen Heart's , Randuin's Omen's , and Warden's Mail's Rock Solid . Ignore Pain's damage instances do not interrupt Recall's channel. Defy heals the user in 0. 25 -second intervals. Triggering Defy grants a buff that stores all of its incoming healing. If Defy is triggered again while the buff is active, it will be refreshed and the new heal value will be added to the remaining heal. Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit New Effect: Defy's heal now scales with 30% AP . Strategy Death's Dance's damage mitigation passive is most effective in a situation where an enemy inflicts a lot of damage to you within a short period of time. As a result of this, a portion of the damage they deal to you gets stored and is delayed until a few seconds after. This slightly increases your time to react and deploy counter measures such as by healing and shielding. At the same time, you have a longer time window for retaliation against the enemy who dealt that damage to you. Killing that enemy allows you to successfully mitigate that damage taken and additionally heal. Death's Dance's damage reduction should not be overestimated if enemies have more than enough damage to kill you. This means it is possible for you to be killed even while reducing damage, and in some cases that stored damage will deal lethal damage. Old icons 1st version 2nd version Trivia The item was referenced by the Teamfight Tactics item Death's Defiance . 