Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Dr. Mundo View in 3D 260 / 01-Sep-2009 Corporate Mundo View in 3D 1820 / 12-Sep-2010 Rageborn Mundo View in 3D 975 / 27-Jul-2012 Pool Party Mundo View in 3D 975 / 25-Jun-2015 El Macho Mundo View in 3D 1350 / 01-Jun-2016 Street Demons Dr. Mundo View in 3D 1350 / 13-Sep-2023 Corporate Mundo Chromas Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Street Demons Dr. Mundo Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sandstone Tanzanite Turquoise Legacy Vault Toxic Dr. Mundo View in 3D 520 / 17-Dec-2009 Mr. Mundoverse View in 3D 520 / 24-Mar-2010 Mundo Mundo View in 3D 975 / 19-Oct-2010 Executioner Mundo View in 3D 520 / 17-Jun-2011 TPA Mundo View in 3D 750 / 23-May-2013 Frozen Prince Mundo View in 3D 1350 / 06-Dec-2018 Frozen Prince Mundo Chromas Aquamarine Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Screenshots [ ] Rageborn Mundo TPA Mundo Pool Party Mundo Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Clear! Champions hit with Heart Zapper (W) detonations Health Burned Damage to champions with Burning Agony (W) Hold This Champions killed with Infected Cleaver (Q) Mundo Dodgesaw Master Consecutive hits on a champion with Infected Bonesaw (Q) Mundo Time Sadism (R) casts that prevented lethal damage Roid Rage Bonus Damage to champions with Attacks during Maximum Dosage (R) Where He Pleases Immobilizing effects blocked with Goes Where He Pleases (P) Clumzy Mundo Drop Medicine Goes Where He Pleases (P) canisters picked up while in champion combat Embiggenate! Temporary health granted with Maximum Dosage (R) while in champion combat Mundo Reflex Test Champions hit with Blunt Force Trauma's (E) projectile Trivia [ ] Original Dr. Mundo His raccoon nurse can be seen in the background. [1] He wears a bunny slipper on one foot. Original Dr. Mundo Zaun can be seen in the background. Toxic Dr. Mundo This skin shares the Silver Age theme with: Augmented Singed Bioforge Darius Chemtech Tryndamere Cryocore Brand Deadly Kennen ...and others Feral Warwick Phoenix Quinn Rocket Girl Tristana Super Kennen Super Teemo He resembles The Hulk from Marvel Comics . In the Brazilian localization, this skin is called "Dr. Mulko", also in reference to this. His skin bio references toxic behavior in people. Mr. Mundoverse This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali He references the UK NABBA Mr. Universe competition . Illaoi , Braum , Darius and Garen in gym clothes can be seen in the background. Striker Lucian , Playmaker Lee Sin , Superfan Gragas and All-star Akali appear as profile icons commenting on Mundo's video. Their icons were directly cropped from their respective splash arts. His splash art takes the viewpoint of a social media live video taken from a smartphone. His facial expression is the duck face . His nurse raccoon from the original splash art is visible in the lower left corner. The number of viewers in the bottom right is "154K". This references the amount of other champions in League of Legends. (At the time the splash art was revealed, there are a total of 155 champions in the game. Excluding Mundo, that makes it 154, hence the number of viewers.) His skin bio makes a reference to typical social media influencer lingo. He features tribal tattoos. His dropped canister is a smartphone with an arm band holder. His Infected Bonesaw is replaced with a barbell (as opposed to a smaller dumbbell based on its in-game size). Corporate Mundo Chromas: Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Day Job theme with: Almost-Prom King Amumu Boom Boom Blitzcrank Fisherman Fizz French Maid Nidalee Jurassic Cho'Gath ...and others Matador Alistar Prestigious LeBlanc Primetime Draven Prom Queen Annie Scuba Gragas Upon transforming from using Maximum Dosage , he resembles his pre-update version. His dance references American Psycho . He dances to music from his phone which references “ Music on Hold ”. A photograph of his old splash art can be seen on a shelf in the background. His Infected Bonesaw is replaced with a briefcase. He uses his mobile phone in various animations and offensively whilst powered by Blunt Force Trauma . His visual effects show various economic stock props. His Homeguard animation shows him driving a comedic small red convertible or cabriolet. Dying targets from Blunt Force Trauma are seen driving said car. His dropped canister is a wad of cash. Corporate Mundo He was conceived as a player request. He features in the game's Mac version trailer . Mundo Mundo This skin shares the Trick-or-Treat theme with: Count Kassadin Count Kledula FrankenTibbers Annie Haunted Zyra Headless Hecarim ...and others Nightmare Tryndamere Pumpkin Prince Amumu Ravenborn LeBlanc Trick or Treat Ekko Witch's Brew Blitzcrank He was released in celebration of Harrowing 2010 along with: Pumpkinhead Fiddlesticks Kitty Cat Katarina Lollipoppy Zombie Ryze Nosferatu Vladimir He is dressing as himself wearing handcrafted cardboard boxes and oven mitts. The syringes are a reference to his previous version. His medical bag contains sweets as seen at the splash art as well. His Infected Bonesaw is replaced with an inflatable toy replica. Mundo Mundo Other than Shaco wearing a Mundo mask, masks and costumes depicting several champions can be seen in the background: Masks: Willump Heimerdinger Teemo Gangplank Blitzcrank Costumes: Urf Tibbers French Maid Nidalee Cho'Gath Executioner Mundo This skin shares the Omen of the Dark theme with: Black Scourge Singed Blade Queen Lissandra Cursed Revenant Nocturne Grey Warwick Iron Inquisitor Kayle Spectral Fiddlesticks Undertaker Yorick He resembles Astaroth from Soulcalibur . Rageborn Mundo This skin shares the Rift Quest theme with: Bard Bard Braum Lionheart Demolisher Nunu & Willump Gragas Caskbreaker Lord Darius ...and others Rugged Garen Ryze Whitebeard Sejuani Dawnchaser Twitch Shadowfoot Varus Swiftbolt He also resembles Grommash Hellscream's Chaos form from Warcraft . He might be referencing the Insane Mode Orcs from Dungeon Defenders . TPA Mundo This skin shares the World Champions: 2012 theme with: TPA Ezreal TPA Nunu & Willump TPA Orianna TPA Shen He was released in celebration of Taipei Assassins winning the Season Two World Championship along with: TPA Ezreal TPA Nunu TPA Orianna TPA Shen He represents Lilballz . His Infected Bonesaw is replaced with the Summoner's Cup . Pool Party Mundo This skin shares the Pool Party theme with: Pool Party Caitlyn Pool Party Draven Pool Party Fiora Pool Party Graves Pool Party Leona ...and others Pool Party Miss Fortune Pool Party Orianna Pool Party Renekton Pool Party Sett Pool Party Zoe He might have been based on 'Tropical Mundo' by DELUCORE. His skin bio makes a reference to " Hi! I like shorts! They're comfy and easy to wear! ", a famous quote from the Pokémon series. His skin features Polynesian tattoos with masks. His dropped canister is a Polynesian band accessory. His Infected Bonesaw is replaced with a ukulele . Dying targets from Blunt Force Trauma are seen driving a boat. El Macho Mundo This skin shares the Luchador theme with: El León Gnar El Rayo Volibear El Tigre Braum He shares his splash art with El León Gnar and El Rayo Volibear This skin is a reference to Lucha libre . Mundo is seen performing a flying elbow drop. The appearance and move are similar to that of "Macho Man" Randy Savage 's. His facial hair took heavy inspiration from Hulk Hogan . His dropped canister is a title trophy. His Infected Bonesaw was replaced with a set of alternating props used as weapons in wrestling, namely: a baseball bat, a hammer, a ladder and a flip chair. His medical bag was replaced with a ringing bell. Frozen Prince Mundo Chromas: Aquamarine,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Winter Wonder theme with: Frostfire Annie Ice King Twitch Poro Rider Sejuani Snow Fawn Poppy Snow Man Yi ...and others Snowstorm Sivir Winter Wonder Karma Winter Wonder Lulu Winter Wonder Neeko Winter Wonder Orianna He was released in celebration of Snowdown Showdown 2018 along with: Snow Man Yi Winter Wonder Neeko Winter Wonder Soraka Ice King Twitch His story is similar to the Beast from the story Beauty and the Beast . He is a handsome prince and it was during a party that he got the curse. An unwelcome guest came to turn Mundo into a beast. Other people in the ball turned into ice, while in the original story, they turned into animated objects. He believed his life is the same, and "go where he please" while in the original story, the Beast is quite an impolite person. His Recall animation is similar to the scene where Beast returns to his human form. However, Mundo did not successfully turn back to normal. He was cursed by Ice King Twitch (who makes an appearance in the background), by shooting an ice shard in his back. In his Recall animation, he pulls the shard out, starts to transform back, but then is shot again, causing him to remain in his monstrous form. [2] Street Demons Dr. Mundo Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sandstone,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Street Demons theme with: Street Demons Brand Street Demons Briar Street Demons Neeko Street Demons Rengar Street Demons Zyra He represents as an Oni , a demon in Japanese culture. References [ ] ↑ Qulani on Mundo's Nurse ↑ Frozen Prince Mundo recall explanation