"Dragon pit" redirects here. For other uses, see Dragon (disambiguation) . Dragon's pit The location of the dragon pit. The dragon pit is one of the game's most unique jungle camps on Summoner's Rift . The occupant, one of seven dragons , serve as a neutral objective that is meant to rival the importance of camps that appear in the baron pit . These dragons vary throughout a single match and every match of League of Legends , with even the initial spawn being determined at random. One of seven monsters may occupy the dragon pit at any one time: Chemtech Drake Cloud Drake Hextech Drake Infernal Drake Mountain Drake Ocean Drake Elder Dragon Prior to V6.9 , The Dragon was the sole occupant of the dragon pit and there was generally no need to distinguish the camp from the monster in terms of gameplay. With the introduction of the elemental drakes , it became necessary to document the objective separately from the individual dragon units. The dragon system received a substantial overhaul in preseason ten , modifying the spawn mechanics, rewards and even the layout of the pit. On V12.2 , a hotfix update was issued to temporarily disable the Chemtech Drake and its associated systems ( Chemtech Fog , Chemtech Blight , and Chemtech Dragon Soul ) as a result of their higher impact on matches than other elemental drakes and the negative feedback they received by the majority of the community. [1] The Chemtech Drake and its systems were reintroduced in V12.22 with different effects, including the elemental rift which removed Chemtech Fog . Contents 1 Game Mechanics 1.1 Spawn 1.2 Elemental Rift 1.2.1 Chemtech Rift 1.2.2 Cloud Rift 1.2.3 Hextech Rift 1.2.4 Infernal Rift 1.2.5 Mountainous Rift 1.2.6 Ocean Rift 1.3 Rewards 2 Features 2.1 Passives 2.2 Abilities 3 Notes 4 Strategy 4.1 Tips to prepare dragon ganks 4.2 Tips to prevent dragon ganks 4.3 Benefits of Dragon Slayer 5 History 5.1 Previous Elemental Rifts 5.1.1 Chemtech Rift (1st) 5.1.2 Infernal Rift 5.1.3 Mountainous Rift 5.1.4 Ocean Rift 6 Trivia 7 Media 8 Patch History 9 See Also 10 References Game Mechanics [ ] Spawn [ ] Random Drakes: At 5 minutes into the game, an elemental drake ( ) of a random type spawns in the dragon pit. When a drake is slain, the next drake will respawn after 5 minutes elapse, spawning with a random new element not yet chosen from the pool. Rift Shift: After the second drake has been slain and the third drake has been determined, the map will transform into an Elemental Rift based on the drake's element. From now on, the drake will not change elements between respawns. Draconic Blessings: The drake of the respective Elemental Rift graces certain newly-spawned or live monsters, causing their effects to be Draconic and their body to visibly glow. After void corruption enters the map, new monsters' blessings are permanently severed. Elder Dragon: Once a team has killed their fourth drake, the camp will now instead spawn the Elder Dragon with a 6 minute respawn timer. The next dragon to spawn has their insignia noted in both the spawn timer and the wall of the alcove. Chemtech Drake Cloud Drake Hextech Drake Infernal Drake Mountain Drake Ocean Drake Elder Drake Elemental Rift [ ] The third drake transforms the Rift before it spawns and after that, its element will be the only one to spawn for the remainder of the game. The transformation on the Rift occurs on the same areas, which are the dragon pit and the buff camps. The Dragon Soul type is determined by the element that dominates the rift. Chemtech Rift [ ] Mutates all life forms on the rift, enhancing jungle plants with additional effects. 8 additional Honeyfruit each spawn within both teams' bases, near the blue-side camp of Murk Wolves and the red-side camp of Blue Sentinel , and the entrances to the river near the camps for Raptors . 14 additional Scryer's Blooms each spawn in front of both teams' base gates, near the camps for Murk Wolves and Red Brambleback , near both teams' inner turrets within the top and bottom lanes, and near each tri-brush towards the entrances to the river. Blast Cone displaces units hit by the explosion at twice the distance. Honeyfruit no longer slows champions that consume it and also grants them a shield in addition to the heal for each fruit. The shields gained from individual fruits stack but decay in total value by 5% each second. Scryer's Bloom now also reveals the area around it and reduces the health of all revealed wards to 1. Additionally, for 4. 5 seconds after the plant was triggered, champions of the attacker's team, including the attacker themself, hit by the pollen gain 40% bonus movement speed while facing in the direction the pollen was released in a cone. Cloud Rift [ ] Air currents flow throughout the area near the camps for Blue Sentinel and Red Brambleback , as well as the Dragon pit. These currents create speed zones that grant champions within 20% bonus movement speed , increased to 35% while they are out of combat. 6 additional Scryer's Blooms each spawn in front of both teams' base gates and by the tri-brushes near the river. Hextech Rift [ ] Industrializes the map with hextech technologies, summoning pairs of hex-gates within both teams' bases and near the pits for Baron Nashor and Dragon , functioning as portals for transit. Champions can interact with these gates to initiate Hexgate Warp , causing them to channel for 0. 75 seconds. Upon completion, they dash to the other side of the gate over 2. 25 seconds, during which they are untargetable and unable to act . They may also choose a location to dash another time up to 500 units away from the gate upon reaching their destination, though not through terrain. Pairs of hex-gates have a 30-second cooldown for each champion that activates them. The channel will be interrupted by taking damage, performing another action, as well as becoming grounded . If this occurs, the gate is placed on a 1. 5 second cooldown. The channel cannot be started while affected by cast-inhibiting crowd control or ground . Champions taking gates will also blink to their destination after the same time spent dashing. The blink occurs regardless of the dash completing or not. The gates that lead from the hex-gates within each team's base cannot be interacted with. Champions being transported through a hex-gate will be indicated by the portal. The untargetability gained from completing Hexgate Warp will not destroy inbound projectiles. The following tables refer for interactions while a champion is channeling Hexgate Warp as well as being locked out from travelling through a hex-gate: Hide Show Type Channel Attacking Interrupts Abilities Interrupts Movement Interrupts Items Usable Shurelya's Battlesong Youmuu's Ghostblade Randuin's Omen Disabled Hextech Rocketbelt Interrupted by All item-actives not specified above interrupt Consumables Usable Spells Usable Barrier Clarity Cleanse Exhaust Ghost Heal Ignite Smite Disabled N/A Interrupted by Flash Teleport Recall Hexflash Interrupted by Damaging effects Death Grounding effects Cast-inhibiting effects Type Channel Attacking Disabled Abilities Disabled Movement Disabled Items Usable N/A Disabled All items are disabled Interrupted by N/A Consumables Disabled Spells Usable N/A Disabled Barrier Clarity Cleanse Exhaust Ghost Heal Ignite Smite Flash Teleport Recall Hexflash Mark Dash Interrupted by N/A Interrupted by Death Infernal Rift [ ] Burns up the walls near the entrance of the Dragon pit. 10 additional Blast Cones each spawn in front of both teams' base gates, near the camps for Gromp and Murk Wolves , and within the alcoves. Spawns Infernal Cinders around the map randomly and in small groups of 2–4 that each last for 3 minutes, with a higher chance of spawning on the losing team's half of the map, based on team gold. Cinders can be picked up by champions moving over them, granting them 150% bonus movement speed decaying over 2 seconds and a stack of Infernal Cinder . For each stack, they gain 0. 6 ability haste . Upon death, champions can hold up to 5 Infernal Cinder stacks without dropping them. If the champion killed had more than 5 Infernal Cinder stacks, 50% of their remaining cinders are dropped near the location of their death in a ring, which allows other champions to pick them up after 0. 85 seconds, while the rest of the stacks are lost. Dropped cinders last for 30 seconds before disappearing. The movement speed granted by picked-up cinders cannot stack; the duration of the buff only refreshes with each one obtained. For every 25 cinders collected, champions gain an increasingly bright glow. Infernal Cinder Dropped Infernal Cinders Mountainous Rift [ ] Triggers a seismic shift throughout the map, causing rock formations to emerge near the camps for Blue Sentinel and Red Brambleback as well as near the blue-side Raptor camp and entrance of the Dragon pit. Ocean Rift [ ] Sprouts life throughout the map, causing 6 patches of brush to grow larger and 12 puddles of water to form in the jungle. Two patches of brush grow near the Dragon pit. 4 additional Honeyfruit each spawn near the middle lane and the camps for Red Brambleback . These puddles of water can be interacted with by Qiyana's Terrashape and Waterwalking . Rewards [ ] Main article: Dragon Slayer Slaying an elemental dragon will grant the Dragon Slayer buff based on the element of the dragon slain. Slaying four elemental dragons will grant the Dragon Soul of the dominating element after the rift changes. Slaying the Elder Dragon grants the Aspect of the Dragon buff. Features [ ] Passives [ ] Resistant Skin : Dragons are immune to all crowd control , except stasis . Additionally, Dragons' stats cannot be modified by any means. Ancient Grudge : Elemental Dragons gain 20% bonus damage and 7% damage reduction per stack against enemies with Dragon Slayer stacks, up to 80% bonus damage and 28% damage reduction at 4 stacks. Dragon Breath: Dragons deal bonus physical damage equal to 5% of the target's current health with their basic attacks, modified to 4% for the Chemtech Drake . Additionally, Dragons gain 30% armor penetration . Abilities [ ] Taking Flight: Dragons knock back all enemies within 550 units of them upon starting the fight, displacing them further based on proximity and not through terrain. Notes [ ] Dragons' basic attacks cannot be dodged and be negated by spell shields . Dragons cannot damage other monsters . If the team that slays a dragon has a lower average level than that of their opponents, they receive 25% bonus experience per average level difference. The bonus experience is sharply increased for the lowest level members of the team, equal to 15% per number of levels behind the dragon squared, up to a maximum of 200%. Strategy [ ] Killing dragons is one of the main tasks of the Jungler . Junglers often require assistance from their team for this task, and the champions best positioned to provide this assistance are usually the mid laners and bottom laners. When a team attempts to kill a dragon it usually gets weakened during the fight. Given the nature of the dragon pit, the team attempting the kill has limited escape paths. For this reason it's usually a good idea to gank the enemy team when they're trying to kill a dragon. A good gank may score several kills, steal the dragon kill, or both. Dragons (and other epic monsters) should be finished with effects that instantly deal a high amount of damage (i.e. Smite , Cho'Gath's Feast , Nunu's Consume ) to prevent the enemy team from stealing the kill. When initially attacked, dragons will knock back every nearby champion, and begin attacking and chasing the closest champion. Attacking the dragon from a safe distance to get it to attack an unprepared enemy champion can be useful. Tips to prepare dragon ganks [ ] Have a ward in the river close to the dragon camp entrance, providing complete vision of the pit. This will reveal enemies attempting to kill the dragon while also spotting enemies standing guard at the entrance. Killing the Rift Scuttler is a good way to provide vision in front of the dragon pit, but it does not provide vision inside the pit itself. Tips to prevent dragon ganks [ ] Use a Control Ward or Oracle Lens to check for wards before attempting to kill a dragon , do not destroy wards unless you absolutely must eliminate their vision. Eliminate the bottom lane enemies and then attack the dragon with the help of your bottom lane teammates. The enemy middle lane and jungler are usually not strong enough to fight three champions at once. While on the red team, lure the dragon out of its pit. This makes the dragon chase you into the river, making it harder for the enemy team to steal it by engaging over the wall of the dragon pit. Benefits of Dragon Slayer [ ] The stacking buffs provided by Dragon Slayer grant powerful effects which boost the overall strength of champions that are empowered by them. Chemtech Drake's buff grants a team greater resistance to the effects of crowd control as well as greater effectiveness when they receive healing or shielding effects. These bonuses allow for a team to have more uptime in a fight against crowd control and recover faster from and/or mitigate more damage taken with any heals and shields they get. Cloud Drake's buff speeds up a team as they move across the map faster than their enemies can. It gives a team enough time to head towards an important objective and gain control over it. The decreased slow effectiveness also helps with outrunning a chase. Hextech Drake's buff greatly increases the attack output of a team as their cooldowns come up quicker and their attacks come out rapidly. Infernal Drake's buff becomes more and more effective as a game continues as a team builds up their stats, with the buff giving even more stats which in turn leads to a massive boost in attack power. Mountain Drake's buff toughens up a team and allows them to take more extended fights, making it difficult for the opposition to deal with. Ocean Drake's buff restores tons of health after having taken lots of damage. It is particularly useful for taking down an objective after a skirmish as the team will restore their health overtime and be healthy in time for the next fight. History [ ] Previous Elemental Rifts [ ] Chemtech Rift (1st) [ ] Polluted the map with chemtech gas, creating foggy zones around the camps for Murk Wolves and Red Brambleback as well as eliminating the patches of brush near them, for a total of 12. 4 additional Scryer's Blooms were each spawned near both teams' inner turrets within the top and bottom lanes. Units within the foggy zones were empowered by Chemtech Fog , which granted them camouflage (900 detection radius) and up to 12% increased damage against enemies with 340 − 1020 (based on target's level) greater current health than them. Attacking, casting abilities, or channeling broke the camouflage immediately, as well as prevented it from being gained for 2. 5 seconds even while not within the zone at the time. The camouflage could not be gained while channeling . Chemtech Fog's damage amplifier stacked additively with Chemtech Blight's . Infernal Rift [ ] Burns up the patches of brush and sections of the walls surrounding the camps for Blue Sentinel and Red Brambleback , opening up a pathway in their pits. Removed burned wall Removed burned wall Removed burned wall Removed burned wall Mountainous Rift [ ] Removed rock formation Ocean Rift [ ] Removed puddle Removed puddle Trivia [ ] In League of Legends: Turret Defence , its old version featured as a wave enemy. In Teamfight Tactics Sets 1 and 2, a Dragon features as a PvE Round monster in Round 8–7. In Set 2, the Dragon's element is different depending on the game's element. In Sets 1 and 2, the Elder Dragon features as a monster in Round 10–7. Prior to V6.9 , there was only one species of Dragon to fight, this retired dragon can still be seen flying at the west edge of Summoner's Rift as ambient wildlife. The mutated versions of Honeyfruit and Scryer's Bloom on the Chemtech Rift are called Stim Fruits and Firelight's Bloom , respectively. Blast Cone's mutated version does not have a name. Media [ ] Music Videos Sound Effects Gallery Summoner Icons Related Music 2016 Season - Login Screen World Championship 2017 - Login Screen Worlds 2018 - Login Screen Related Videos Preseason 2020 Spotlight Gameplay - League of Legends Gameplay & Ranked in Season 2020 Dev Video - League of Legends Chemtech Rift Link ▶️ Transformation SFX Link ▶️ Transformation SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX (General) Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Chemtech Fog SFX Link ▶️ Chemtech Fog SFX Cloud Rift Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Speed Zone SFX Link ▶️ Speed Zone Ambience Hextech Rift Link ▶️ Transformation SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX (General) Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Hex-gate SFX Link ▶️ Hex-gate SFX Link ▶️ Hex-gate SFX Link ▶️ Hex-gate SFX Link ▶️ Hex-gate SFX Link ▶️ Hex-gate SFX Link ▶️ Hex-gate SFX Link ▶️ Hex-gate SFX Link ▶️ Hex-gate SFX Link ▶️ Hex-gate SFX Link ▶️ Hex-gate SFX Link ▶️ Hex-gate SFX (Enemy) Link ▶️ Hex-gate SFX (Enemy) Link ▶️ Hex-gate SFX (Enemy) Infernal Rift Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Fire SFX Link ▶️ Fire SFX Link ▶️ Fire SFX Link ▶️ Fire SFX Link ▶️ Fire SFX Link ▶️ Fire SFX Link ▶️ Lava SFX Link ▶️ Lava SFX Link ▶️ Lava SFX Mountainous Rift Link ▶️ Rock SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Ocean Rift Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Ambience SFX Link ▶️ Rain SFX Link ▶️ Rain SFX Link ▶️ Rain SFX Link ▶️ Rain SFX Link ▶️ Nature SFX Link ▶️ Nature SFX Link ▶️ Nature SFX Link ▶️ Nature SFX Link ▶️ Nature SFX Dragon Concept Dragon Model All Dragon Models Dragon Update Concept 1 Dragon Update Concept 2 Dragon Splash Concept (by Riot Artist César Rosolino ) Infernal Drake Model (by Riot Artists DragonFly Studio ) Worlds 2017 Baron & Dragon Concept 1 (by Riot Artist Keita Okada ) Worlds 2017 Baron & Dragon Concept 2 (by Riot Artist Keita Okada ) Worlds 2017 Baron & Dragon Concept 3 (by Riot Artist Mo Yan ) Worlds 2017 Baron & Dragon Concept 4 (by Riot Artist Mo Yan ) Worlds 2017 Baron & Dragon Concept 5 (by Riot Artist Mo Yan ) Worlds 2017 Baron & Dragon Concept 6 (by Riot Artist Mo Yan ) Worlds 2017 Baron & Dragon Concept 7 (by Riot Artist Mo Yan ) Worlds 2017 Baron & Dragon Concept 8 (by Riot Artist Mo Yan ) Worlds 2019 Promo (by Riot Artist Mo Yan ) Worlds 2019 Promo Concept 1 (by Riot Artist Mo Yan ) Wild Rift Champion Promo 1 (by Riot Artist Pan Chengwei ) Wild Rift Champion Promo 2 (by Riot Artist Pan Chengwei ) Wild Rift Champion Promo Concept 1 (by Riot Artist Pan Chengwei ) Wild Rift Champion Promo Concept 2 (by Riot Artist Pan Chengwei ) Elder Dragon Model 1 (by Riot Artist Francis Tneh ) Elder Dragon Model 2 (by Riot Artist Francis Tneh ) Elder Dragon Model 3 (by Riot Artist Francis Tneh ) Elder Dragon Model 4 (by Riot Artist Shawn Kok ) Elder Dragon Model 5 (by Riot Artist Shawn Kok ) Elder Dragon Model 6 (by Riot Artist Shawn Kok ) Elder Dragon Model 7 (by Riot Artist Shawn Kok ) 1/28 Main article: Summoner icon Dragon Flame Dragon Elder Dragon Merch Patch History [ ] This section is about the changes to dragons.  For the changes to the Dragon Slayer buff, see Dragon Slayer#Patch History . V14.3 - February 7th Hotfix Bug Fix: First spawn timer is now properly 360 seconds instead of 300 seconds. V14.2 Ability haste per Infernal Cinder increased to 0. 6 from 0. 3 . Undocumented: Elder Dragon first spawn timer reduced to 300 seconds after a team has killed their 4th drake from 360 seconds. Subsequent respawn timer unchanged at 360 seconds. V14.1 General New Effect: When elemental rift arrives, now causes all newly-spawned and live Red Brambleback and Blue Sentinel monsters to become Draconic until newly-spawned ones eventually transform to their Corrupted form. Draconic monsters gain improved effects when slain. Infernal Rift New Effect: Now spawns Infernal Cinders (or simply cinders ) around the map randomly and in small groups of 2–4 that last for 3 minutes, with a higher chance of spawning on the losing team's half of the map, based on team gold. Cinders can be picked up by champions by moving over them, granting 150% bonus movement speed decaying over 2 seconds and a stack of Infernal Cinder . For each stack, gain 0. 3 ability haste . Upon death, champions can hold up to 5 Infernal Cinder stacks without dropping them. If the champion killed had more than 5 Infernal Cinder stacks, 50% of their remaining cinders are dropped near the location of their death in a ring, which allows other champions to pick them up after 0. 85 seconds, while the rest of the stacks are lost. Dropped cinders last for 30 seconds before disappearing. The movement speed granted by picked-up cinders cannot stack; the duration of the buff only refreshes with each one obtained. For every 25 cinders collected, champions gain an increasingly bright glow. Removed: No longer burns up the patches of brush and sections of the walls surrounding the camps for the Blue Sentinel and Red Brambleback . Mountain Rift Removed: No longer forms a rock near the red-side Raptor camp . Ocean Rift Honeyfruit near the middle lane have been relocated to account for the nearby terrain changes. Removed: No longer has a puddle underneath each of the Honeyfruits near the middle lane. V13.20 Bug Fix: Leash range between elemental drakes and the Elder Dragon is no longer inconsistent. V13.19 Bug Fix: Hextech Drake lightning chain effect on its attacks are now properly triggered. V13.18 Dragons Bug Fix: "Taking flight" spell's knock back source is once again Dragon itself, and no longer attributed to whoever triggered the spell by triggering aggro. Chemtech Drake Bug Fix: Sound effects are no longer audible through Fog of War. Hextech Drake Bug Fix: Sound effects are no longer audible through Fog of War. V13.17 New Effect: Dragons now have a patience bar and leashing range indicator. Removed: Dragons no longer instantly reset aggression once they leave their leash range. V13.16 Bug Fix: Dragons no longer deals more damage than intended to the primary target if there are more targets in area of effect behind them and no damage to those additional targets. V13.15 Undocumented: Dragons' basic attacks are no longer treated as spells and will now instead behave like basic attacks. V13.7 Chemtech Drake Bug Fix: Now has the correct amount of total health. Pre-elemental rift health increased to 5730 − 10290 (based on level) from 4090 − 6970 (based on level) . Post-elemental rift health increased to 9230 − 13790 (based on level) from 5790 − 8670 (based on level) . V12.22 Chemtech Drake - Re-added New Effect: While below 50% maximum health , it gains 33% damage reduction and deals 50% increased damage. New Effect: Now deals 4% of the target's current health bonus physical damage with its attacks. Chemtech Rift New Effect: Mutates all of the jungle plants on rift, empowering them with additional effects. Spawns 8 additional Honeyfruit and 14 more Scryer's Blooms on the map. Blast Cone - Displacement radius is now doubled. Honeyfruit - Upgrades into Stim Fruits , which no longer slows and grants a shield in addition to the heal for each fruit consumed. Scryer's Bloom - Upgrades into Firelight's Bloom . Upon being hit, now reveals the surrounding area of the plant and, for 4. 5 seconds, grants 40% bonus movement speed while facing in the direction of the revealed cone radius, as well as reduces the health of all revealed wards to 1. Old Effect: Pollute the map with chemtech gas, creating foggy zones around the camps for Murk Wolves and Red Brambleback as well as eliminating the patches of brush near them, for a total of 12. 4 additional Scryer's Blooms each spawn near both teams' inner turrets within the top and bottom lanes. Units within the foggy zones are empowered by Chemtech Fog , which grants them camouflage (900 detection radius) and up to 12% increased damage against enemies with 340 − 1020 (based on target's level) greater current health than them. Attacking, casting abilities, or channeling breaks the camouflage immediately, as well as prevents it from being gained for 2. 5 seconds even while not within the zone at the time. V12.17 Bug Fix: Elder Dragon no longer incorrectly uses the roar SFX of normal Dragons . V12.14 Elemental Drakes Pre-elemental rift health increased to 5730 − 10290 (based on level) from 4090 − 6970 (based on level) . Post-elemental rift health increased to 9230 − 13790 (based on level) from 5790 − 8670 (based on level) . Elemental Drakes and Elder Dragon Dragon's Breath health ratio reduced to 5% of target's current health from 7% . Cloud Drake Attack damage reduced to 35 from 50. Elder Dragon Attack damage reduced to 105 from 150. Health per minute increased to 290 from 180. Hextech Drake Attack damage reduced to 47 from 66. 7 . Infernal Drake Attack damage reduced to 70 from 100. Mountain Drake Attack damage reduced to 105 from 150. Ocean Drake Attack damage reduced to 70 from 100. V12.10 Hex-gates Bug Fix: Fixed a SFX bug where players would sometimes hear Hexgates being used, even if they were not looking at them. V12.4 Hex-gates Bug Fix: Champions taking hex-gates are no longer able to cast their non-movement summoner spells after inputting a command for the second dash. V12.3 Hextech Rift New Effect: Champions taking hex-gates channel for 0. 75 seconds, then upon completion dash to the other side of the gate over 2. 25 seconds while being untargetable . They can choose a location to dash again up to 500 units away from the gate upon arrival. Champions taking the gate will still always blink to their designated location. The location still cannot be chosen over terrain. Old Effect: Champions taking hex-gates channel for 0. 75 seconds, then upon completion blink to the other side of the gate but become vanished for 2. 25 seconds. They can choose a new location to blink to up to 500 units away from the gate upon arrival. V12.2 -  January 24th Hotfix Chemtech Drake - Removed Removed from the game. Chemtech Fog - Removed Removed from the game. V12.2 Chemtech Fog Maximum bonus damage increased to 12% from 10%. Stealth timer increased to 2. 5 seconds from 1. 5 . New Effect: Camouflage is now based on out of combat timer instead of instantly stealthing upon entering. Bug Fix: The exclamation point stealth indicator has been fixed and will correctly reappear above your champion if you are visible to an enemy inside the Chemtech Fog after completing certain stealthing abilities. V11.24 Chemtech Fog Bug Fix: Stealthed champions within gas zones now properly shimmer when taking damage. Bug Fix: Invisibility effects for LeBlanc's Mirror Image and Qiyana's Elemental Wrath with Brush element while they are within gas zones now properly take effect. Hex-gates Bug Fix: Champions taking hex-gates no longer briefly appear at their destination upon completing the channel. Bug Fix: Bard's Meeps , Elise's Spiderlings , and Yorick's Mist Walkers now arrive at their destination with their owner, rather than before them. Bug Fix: Fiddlesticks' Effigies are no longer affected by hex-gates. V11.23 Chemtech Drake - New Elemental Drake When the map transforms into the Chemtech Rift , summons foggy zones within each jungle quadrant. Units within these zones are empowered by Chemtech Fog , which grants them camouflage if they haven't declared an attack, casted an ability, or channeled within the last 1. 5 seconds, and up to 10% increased damage against enemies with 340 − 1020 (based on target's level) greater current health than them. Units cannot gain the camouflage while channeling. Hextech Drake - New Elemental Drake When the map transforms into the Hextech Rift , summons pairs of hex-gates within both team's bases and each jungle quadrant. Hex-gates can be interacted with by champions to channel for 0. 75 seconds. Upon completion, they blink to the other side of the gate but become vanished for 2. 25 seconds. Pairs of hex-gates have a 30-second cooldown after being activated. The channel can be interrupted by taking damage, performing another action, as well as becoming grounded . If this occurs, the hex-gate is placed on a 1. 5 -second cooldown. The channel cannot be started while unable to cast abilities or grounded . The blink location can be chosen a slight distance away from the gate, otherwise the blink location is always at the gate. This location cannot be over terrain. The gates that lead from the hex-gates within each team's base cannot be interacted with. V10.12 Cloud Rift New Effect: Cloud zone bonus movement speed is increased to 35% while out-of-combat with champions. New Effect: Bonus Scryer's Blooms added to the entrances of the jungle. In front of each base's gates. In front of each tri-brush in the river. Infernal Rift New Effect: Bonus Blast Cones added to the entrances of the jungle and Alcoves. Near each tri-bush near Gromp. By the Wolf Camp. In front of each base's gates. In the alcoves. V10.10 - May 15th Hotfix Bug Fix: Fixed an issue where Cloud Terrain was not granting speed boosts. V9.24 Bug Fix: Killing drakes with Shaco's Hallucinate will not affect how Souls are granted, impact the type of drakes that spawn, or block Elder Dragons from spawning. Reduced the intensity of the map-wide tint for Infernal and Ocean Rifts' ground and Fog of War. Infernal Rift: More clearly defined the terrain, improved gameplay clarity, and polished the texture of the map. Mountain Rift: More clearly defined the terrain, improved gameplay clarity, and polished the texture of the map. V9.23 - November 25th Hotfix Elemental drakes Kill gold reduced to 25 from 100 . V9.23 New Spawning Rules: First Drake: At 5:00 into the game, an elemental drake ( ) of a random type spawns in the dragon camp. Second Drake: If it is slain, an elemental drake of another type spawns after 5 minutes. Rift Changes: After the second drake has been slained, an element, that is different from the two previous drakes, is selected and the Rift is changed based on that element. From now on, the elemental drake of that element will be the only one to spawn . Rift Drake: 5 minutes after the last drake has been killed, an elemental drake of the Rift's element spawns. This repeats until a team has killed their fourth drake. Elder Dragon: Once a team has killed their fourth drake: The remaining elemental buffs will be locked . The next dragon to spawn with be the Elder Dragon , which spawns 6 minutes after the last drake has been killed. If it is killed, another Elder Dragon spawns after 6 minutes, and so on. Example: First drake: Cloud Drake . Second drake: Infernal Drake . Rift changes: Mountain Rift . Rift drake: Mountain Drake . Afterwards: only Elder Dragons . Old Spawning Rules: At 5:00 into the game, an elemental drake ( ) of a random type spawns in the dragon camp. If it is slain, another random elemental drake spawns after 5 minutes; this continues until the game reaches 35 minutes. The same type cannot spawn more than 3 times. After 35 minutes have elapsed, the next dragon with be the Elder Dragon . If it is killed, another Elder Dragon spawns after 6 minutes, and so on. Elemental Drake health changed: New Health: 2650 (+ 240 per level, minimum level 6) before the Rift transforms; 4350 (+ 240 per level, minimum level 6) for the third drake onward. Old Health: 3500 (+240 per level, minimum level 6). Elemental Rift The third drake transforms the Rift before it spawns and after that, its element will be the only one to spawn for the remainder of the game. The transformation on the Rift occurs on the same areas, which are the dragon pit and the buff camps. The first three dragons are now always different from each other. Cloud Rift: The Cloud winds quicken! Air currents flow throughout the area around Blue and Red buffs, granting speed boosts to everyone inside. Dragon Pit also becomes a speed boosting wind tunnel. Infernal Rift: The Inferno blazes! Sunders the Rift. The brush nearest to Blue and Red buffs burn away, and new pathways open up through the Blue and Red buff pits. The entrance to Dragon pit widens. Mountainous Rift: The Mountains rise! Triggers a seismic shift throughout the Rift. Two new bluffs of rock emerge in each jungle quadrant. A rock formation rises in front of the Dragon pit. Ocean Rift: The Oceans bring life! Brings new life to the Rift. Most of the brush in the jungle grows larger and new Honeyfruit spawns near the buff camps. Water pools into puddles throughout the jungle, which functions with Qiyana's Terrashape and Waterwalking . New brush patches sprout up around the Dragon pit. V8.23 Elemental drakes Respawn time reduced to 5 minutes from 6. First drake spawn increased to 5:00 from 2:30. Kill gold increased to 100 from 25 . Experience increased to 150 − 330 (based on level) from 75 − 300 (based on level) . Elder Dragon Respawn time reduced to 6 minutes from 8. V8.19 Now says if Dragon was stolen. V8.7 - April 5th Hotfix Bug Fix: Fixed a bug where the Cloud Drake took bonus damage from behind periodically, as though it had Rift Herald's Eye mechanic. V8.4 Elder Dragon respawn time reduced to 8 minutes from 10. V6.22 Elder Dragon Removed: No longer deals more damage and takes less damage based on how many elemental drakes your team has secured. V6.13 No longer levels up during combat and now waits to level up until they've been out of combat for 30 seconds. V6.9 The dragon pit became distinct from The Dragon with the introduction of five distinctive dragon units. One of the four elemental drakes will spawn at random, with each kill granting a distinct by stacking buff. Infernal Drake Grants + 8 / 16 / 24 (based on Stacks) % attack damage and ability power . Mountain Drake Grants + 10 / 20 / 30 (based on Stacks) % bonus true damage to epic monsters and turrets. Cloud Drake Grants + 15 / 30 / 45 (based on Stacks) bonus movement speed while out of combat. Ocean Drake Every 18 / 12 / 6 (based on Stacks) seconds, restores 10% of missing health and 10% of missing mana . After the 35 minute mark, only the Elder Dragon will spawn. It grants a 120 second buff that increases other dragon's buff by 50% while also granting a burning effect on basic attacks. Basic attacks and spells burn the target for (45 × Elder Dragons slain) (+ 45 per Elemental Dragon Mark) damage over 3 seconds and increases the strength of Elemental Dragon buffs by 50%. This stack only lasts 120 seconds or until death. Enhanced Infernal Drake : + 12 / 24 / 36 (based on Stacks) % attack damage and ability power . Enhanced Mountain Drake : + 15 / 30 / 45 (based on Stacks) % bonus damage to epic monsters and turrets as true damage . Enhanced Cloud Drake : + 22. 5 / 45 / 67. 5 (based on Stacks) bonus movement speed while out of combat. Enhanced Ocean Drake : Every 12 / 8 / 4 (based on Stacks) seconds, restores 10% of missing health and 10% of missing mana . See Also [ ] Cloud Drake Chemtech Drake Hextech Drake Infernal Drake Mountain Drake Ocean Drake Elder Dragon Dragon Slayer Aspect of the Dragon References ↑ Disabling the Chemtech Drake Gameplay Elements Targeting Types Auto ( Passive · Self ) · Direction · Location · Unit · Proximity · Vector ( Collision · Radius ) Unit types Champion · Minion · Monster · Pets · Structures ( Turret · Inhibitor · Nexus ) Effect types Ability effects · Attack effects ( On-hit ) · Area of effect · Damage over time · Heal · Multi-hit · Redirected damage · Shield · Single-targeted Ability types Attached · Aura · Blink · Buff · Channel · Combat status · Crowd control · Damage ( Ability · Basic · Magic · Physical · True · Nexus Obelisk · Execution ) · Dash · Debuff · Invulnerability · Pet · Projectile · Sight · Spell shield · Stealth · Tether · Untargetability · Ward Units Champion · Champion summoned units · Little Legend · Structures ( Turret · Inhibitor · Nexus ) Minions Small Melee minion Caster minion Large Siege minion Super minion Monsters Lesser Krug Murk Wolf Raptor Voidmite Large Ancient Krug Blue Sentinel Crimson Raptor Greater Murk Wolf Gromp Red Brambleback Rift Scuttler Epic Baron pit ( Baron Nashor · Rift Herald · Voidgrubs ) Dragon pit ( Cloud Drake · Hextech Drake · Infernal Drake · Mountain Drake · Ocean Drake · Elder Dragon ) Featured game mode Black Market Brawlers Ironback Ocklepod Plundercrab Razorfin Invasion Big Stompy Monster Draggy Tail Monster Grumpy Burrow Monster Jumpy Slashy Monster Scary Spitty Monster Shooty Eyeball Monster The Big One Nexus Siege Siege Ballista Shield Totem Port Pad Vanguard Banner Odyssey: Extraction Kayn Alphacyte Anchortail Arcraptor Brightcore Crimson Stinger Cyte Dozermaw Hogtongue Landsquid Petal Claw Razorheart Rhinodon Shimmerstriker Skitterbeak Squidtooth Terraburster Tuskbeard Other Abyss Scuttler Ancient Ascendant Demon Herald Devil Teemo Poro King Removed content Minions Anti-turret cannon Siege rider minion Monsters Summoner's Rift Ancient Golem Big Golem Chemtech Drake Cinderling Dragon Giant Wolf Golem Lesser Wolf Lesser Wraith Lizard Elder Sentry Wight Wraith Young Lizard Twisted Treeline Big Golem Ebonmaw Ghast Giant Wolf Golem Grez Lesser Wolf Lesser Wraith Lizard Rabid Wolf Vilemaw Wraith Young Lizard