Elixir of Wrath edit Consume Grants 30 bonus attack damage and heals for 12% of physical damage dealt to champions for 180 seconds. The heal is reduced to 33% effectiveness for area damage . Can be used while dead . Limitations Limited to 1 Elixir effect at a time. Drinking a different Elixir will replace the existing one's effects. Requirements Level 9 required to purchase. Recipe Cost Sell ID 500 200 2140 Availability SR 5v5 HA ARAM Nexus Blitz Menu Attack Damage Life Steal & Vamp Keywords red potion fortitude rage Elixir of Wrath is a consumable item in League of Legends . Level 9 required to purchase. Cost Analysis Gold Value 30 attack damage = 1050 Total Gold Value = 1050 Gold efficiency After consuming Elixir of Wrath , it becomes 210% gold efficient. Similar items Elixir of Avarice Elixir of Force Elixir of Iron Elixir of Skill Elixir of Sorcery Notes Elixir of Wrath is a drain effect. Purchasing an Elixir prevents other Elixirs from being purchased for 5 seconds. There is no limit to how many Elixirs can be in the inventory at a time (item slots permitting). Only one Elixir effect may be active at a time. Consuming an Elixir will override the existing Elixir's buff, or refresh it if it is the same Elixir . Elixirs are automatically consumed if the inventory is full upon being purchased. This occurs even if the user is dead. Consuming an Elixir while dead refreshes its buff duration until respawn. The duration will not pause if the user dies while the buff is active. Strategy Elixir of Wrath's is best used by champions that scale with attack damage. Elixirs are often purchased by champions once there are no remaining item slots from completing their item build; the elixir is automatically consumed if the inventory is full. Excess gold will accumulate even after the build is completed and that gold can be used to buy elixirs. They do not have to be purchased in this manner however. Elixirs can be bought in the mid-game to give a temporary stat advantage for an important fight. Elixir of Iron makes for a good alternative to this item when more survivability is needed. Old icons 1st version Trivia This item was featured in Katarina: Issue 4 . Media Item VFX Sound Effects Consumed Link ▶️ Active SFX 