"You belong in a museum!" This article or section may contain obsolete information, but exists here for historical purposes. This item has been removed on patch V1.0.0.152 . Elixir of Agility edit Consume Grants 12% − 22% (based on level) bonus attack speed and 8% critical strike chance for 240 seconds. Recipe Cost Sell ID 250 175 2038 Availability SR 5v5 Menu Tools>Consumable Attack>Attack Speed Attack>Critical Strike Elixir of Agility was a consumable item in League of Legends . It was exclusive to Classic Summoner's Rift 5v5 . Cost Analysis Gold value at level 1 12% attack speed = 300 8% critical strike chance = 320 Total Gold Value = 620 Gold value at level 18 22% attack speed = 550 8% critical strike chance = 320 Total Gold Value = 870 Gold efficiency When consumed, Elixir of Agility was 248% gold efficient at level 1 and 348% at level 18. Similar items Elixir of Brilliance Elixir of Fortitude Notes Elixirs are automatically applied when purchased if there are already 6 items in the inventory. Elixir of Agility was not available in Dominion. Strategy It was best used by DPS champions that would benefit from high attack speed and/or crit chance, like Tryndamere . It was most often bought late game because the crit chance stat needed other late game crit items to be effective. Elixirs are often bought towards the end of long games when builds are all completed and the extra gold continues to accumulate. They can also be bought mid game to give a temporary stat advantage during ganks and teamfights. Trivia The Piece of Green Candy was a seasonal item that replaced the Elixir of Agility during the Harrowing celebration. It was the same item with a different name and a picture. The Green Tea Kettle was another seasonal item that replaced the Elixir of Agility during the Lunar Revel celebration. The Fury Fungus was yet another seasonal item that replaced the Elixir of Agility during the Great Hunt . It was removed because it primarily benefited AD carries that were already in the lead, making hyper carries even stronger, and pigeon-holing end-game AD builds to focus on critical strikes. [1] 