Elixir of Iron edit Consume Grants 300 bonus health , 25% Tenacity , and 15% increased size for 180 seconds. While active, moving leaves behind a path briefly that grants 15% bonus movement speed to allied champions within. Can be used while dead . Limitations Limited to 1 Elixir effect at a time. Drinking a different Elixir will replace the existing one's effects. Requirements Level 9 required to purchase. Recipe Cost Sell ID 500 200 2138 Availability SR 5v5 HA ARAM Nexus Blitz Menu Health & Regeneration Movement Keywords orange white Elixir of Iron is a consumable item in League of Legends . Level 9 required to purchase. Cost Analysis Gold Value 300 health = 800. 0001 Total Gold Value = 800. 0001 Gold efficiency After consuming Elixir of Iron , it becomes 160% gold efficient. Similar items Elixir of Avarice Elixir of Force Elixir of Skill Elixir of Sorcery Elixir of Wrath Trailblazer Notes Purchasing an Elixir prevents other Elixirs from being purchased for 5 seconds. There is no limit to how many Elixirs can be in the inventory at a time (item slots permitting). Only one Elixir effect may be active at a time. Consuming an Elixir will override the existing Elixir's buff, or refresh it if it is the same Elixir . Elixirs are automatically consumed if the inventory is full upon being purchased. This occurs even if the user is dead. Consuming an Elixir while dead refreshes its buff duration until respawn. The duration will not pause if the user dies while the buff is active. Strategy Elixir of Iron is a great tool for initiators to ensure their team can follow up behind them with the path that grants bonus movement speed. Elixirs are often purchased by champions once there are no remaining item slots from completing their item build; the elixir is automatically consumed if the inventory is full. Excess gold will accumulate even after the build is completed and that gold can be used to buy elixirs. They do not have to be purchased in this manner however. Elixirs can be bought in the mid-game to give a temporary stat advantage for an important fight. Old icons 1st version Trivia Path of Iron has a similar effect to the removed Captain enchantment. Media Item VFX Path VFX Sound Effects Consumed Link ▶️ Active SFX 