Elixir of Sorcery edit Consume Grants 50 ability power and 15 bonus mana regeneration for 180 seconds. While active, going in combat by affecting enemy champions or turrets deals 25 bonus true damage (5 second cooldown on each champion, no cooldown against turrets). Can be used while dead . Limitations Limited to 1 Elixir effect at a time. Drinking a different Elixir will replace the existing one's effects. Requirements Level 9 required to purchase. Recipe Cost Sell ID 500 200 2139 Availability SR 5v5 HA ARAM Nexus Blitz Menu On-Hit Effects Ability Power Mana & Regeneration Keywords blue brilliance illumination Elixir of Sorcery is a consumable item in League of Legends . Level 9 required to purchase. Cost Analysis Gold Value 50 ability power = 1000 15 flat mana regeneration = 900 Total Gold Value = 1900 Gold efficiency After consuming Elixir of Sorcery , it becomes 380% gold efficient. Similar items Elixir of Avarice Elixir of Force Elixir of Iron Elixir of Skill Elixir of Wrath Notes The user can enter combat with an enemy champion or turret by dealing damage to them in order to trigger Elixir of Sorcery's bonus true damage. This includes effects that deal 0 damage such as hitting enemy champions with Trundle's Pillar of Ice and Zilean's Time Bomb attachment. Turrets only receive the bonus true damage from damage that applies either on-hit or spell effects (excluding pet damage ). Abilities that can affect turrets and deal damage in multiple instances that each apply on-hit or spell effects, such as Twisted Fate's Pick a Card , will trigger the true damage more than once. Purchasing an Elixir prevents other Elixirs from being purchased for 5 seconds. There is no limit to how many Elixirs can be in the inventory at a time (item slots permitting). Only one Elixir effect may be active at a time. Consuming an Elixir will override the existing Elixir's buff, or refresh it if it is the same Elixir . Elixirs are automatically consumed if the inventory is full upon being purchased. This occurs even if the user is dead. Consuming an Elixir while dead refreshes its buff duration until respawn. The duration will not pause if the user dies while the buff is active. Strategy Elixir of Sorcery is best used by casters or other champions that scale with ability power. Elixir of Sorcery's bonus damage against turrets is beneficial for sieging. Since this damage is applied from basic attacks, increased attack speed helps to apply it at a faster rate thus destroying the tower quicker. Elixirs are often purchased by champions once there are no remaining item slots from completing their item build; the elixir is automatically consumed if the inventory is full. Excess gold will accumulate even after the build is completed and that gold can be used to buy elixirs. They do not have to be purchased in this manner however. Elixirs can be bought in the mid-game to give a temporary stat advantage for an important fight. Old icons 1st version Media Item VFX Sound Effects Consumed Link ▶️ Active SFX 