Not to be confused with Emotes , the image flares. Each champion and skin has a set of non-gameplay-related animations that exist for immersion purposes; all of them possess a Joke, Taunt, Dance and Laugh emote, while a small number of them also possess a Toggle emote. These emotes include an animation, often accompanied by voicelines and/or sound effects. They are visible and audible to all players that are looking at the performing champion. Emotes can be activated in two ways: By entering /joke ( /j ) — /taunt ( /t ) — /dance ( /d ) — /laugh ( /l ) — /toggle ( /g ) in the chat. By using their respective hotkeys . Default: CTRL+1 , CTRL+2 , CTRL+3 , CTRL+4 , CTRL+5 . Special Emotes [ ] Heimerdinger can toggle between a walk animation that references his pre-VGU one and his post-VGU walk cycle by using any emote. Triggering Hextech Affinity will reset his walk animation to post-VGU . Samira can cast her Taunt ability using her Taunt. Toggles [ ] Toggles can range from simply being a fifth non-specific emote, to changing a skin's special cosmetic function entirely. The toggle emote is not present in all champions' or skins' emote set. Some champions' toggles are present in all their skins . Other champions that do not have a toggle in their base skin may have one introduced in a different skin. Aatrox Manually switch his stance and the presence of his banner wings. His stance also switches when his innate is available. PROJECT: Ashe Swap between wearing or not wearing her virtual visor (can be done only while walking). If not wearing it already, she will also wear it upon entering the enemy half of the map. Bard Toggle the position of his meeps . True Damage Ekko & Breakout True Damage Ekko Cue his skin's special music instead of the default current map theme. Pulsefire Ezreal Toggle playing his Homeguard stance, but with jets instead and while moving normally without the buff. This stance automatically ends upon an action other than movement. Kai'Sa Toggle the presence of her void suit's helmet. It will also cover her face during Evolved Supercharge's buff. Battle Queen Katarina Cycle through her acquired daggers (after acquiring at least three kills and every three thereafter, up to 18 kills for 6 daggers total). Elementalist Lux Switch her final forms (after reaching level 18). Nunu & Willump Bot Plays a special emote that includes sounds of machine movement, Nunu fixing a malfunction that Willump has, and Willump appreciating it. This emote may also play when idling. Pyke Swap between his harpoon having a glowing sheen and not having one. The sheen version also plays during Bone Skewer . Qiyana Perform the dab move (after getting a takedown). PROJECT: Renekton Toggle the presence of his head appendage. Night Hunter Rengar Can wear or drop his hood. Rumble Plays a special emote wherein Rumble jumps around Tristy. DJ Sona Cycle through her three musical forms which includes the music theme. Spirit Blossom Thresh Swap between human and demon form (after collecting at least 45 souls and activating his ultimate ). Neon Strike Vi Swap between wearing her shades on her face or on top of her head. Volibear Plays a special emote wherein he thumps his chest in determination and roars aggressively. Yone Plays a special emote wherein he recalls his Azakana blade to the spirit realm and sheathes his Steel blade. This emote may also play when idling. Zoe Manually cycle through a number of walk animations. This also happens automatically over the game. Trivia [ ] At one point, many players believed that emoting could be heard even if the performer was in a brush. This is not true. Emotes can be repeatedly used in order to continuously reset their animation cycle. Emotes' voice lines usually cannot be interrupted by any means other than casting the ultimate ability and death. Emotes' sound effects will repeat each time the emote is performed, creating a droning effect when spammed. Emotes can be canceled without consequence — the champion is not forced to finish the animation (as may be the case in some other games).