"You belong in a museum!" This article or section may contain obsolete information, but exists here for historical purposes. Enchantment: Homeguard edit Passive Unique – Homeguard : Entering the fountain greatly increases its health and mana restore and grants 200% bonus movement speed that decays over 8 seconds. These effects are disabled for 8 seconds upon dealing or taking damage. Recipe Cost Sell ID 475 N/A 1314 Availability SR 5v5 Enchantment: Homeguard was an enchantment in League of Legends . It was exclusive to Classic Summoner's Rift 5v5 . Similar items Alacrity Captain Distortion Furor Notes Percentage movement speed stacks additively with other sources of percentage movement speed. Homeguard activates upon entering/spawning on your starting platform. Simply standing on the stairs will not grant the buff; champions must stand on the center of the platform where they are dropped after spawning or recalling. This enchantment dramatically reduces the time needed to fully regenerate at the fountain, making it effective at outlasting enemies sieging the entrance of your base. For that reason, it is a strategic choice against pushing compositions, especially if they lack the CC or burst damage to kill defenders before they go back to base. It is possible to Teleport to a distant location while still standing on the starting platform, allowing you to utilize the speed elsewhere. This can often catch opponents off guard, especially with a champion that usually have a hard time catching up with enemies. Also, it is perfectly fine to buy the Homeguard enchantment while standing in the center of the fountain platform - this way, obtaining the buff; and, after that, switching to another enchantment - a one-time, rather expensive ( 530 g (might depend on the boots, check the price!)), but still quite useful bonus. To put this further, with the Teleport spell, it is possible to proc both the Distortion bonus And the Homeguard speed - changing the enchantment while channeling the teleport. (Pending for test!) Of course, this will work with the Ghost spell too - giving you the option to go Way far from base in no time, though effective only for tracks from the fountain. This enchantment ridiculously speeds up your walking animation, leading to some hilarious moments on champions such as Nautilus , Pantheon , Vayne , and Zac . Some champions such as Lucian or Zed on the other hand, have unique animations during high speeds. Icons Overlay Berserker's Greaves Boots of Mobility Boots of Swiftness Ionian Boots of Lucidity Mercury's Treads Ninja Tabi Sorcerer's Shoes Trivia The Homeguard effect is now granted to all players without needing the enchantment. 