Main article: Casting Resource Energy is a resource designed to inhibit the casting of basic abilities of a few champions in place of mana . It is represented by a yellow bar instead of blue . Since energy regenerates much faster than mana , energy champions are not at the risk of depleting their resource over time. However, due to the maximum amount of energy being capped at a low amount with no growth per level , their ability combos can deplete energy in an important situation and leave them unable to cast spells for a few crucial seconds while their energy regenerates (unlike mana champions, whose mana pools increase, nullifying this problem as the game goes on). To aid this, they all have abilities that can refund a small amount of energy under particular conditions, if the actions are executed properly. Additionally, the energy costs for many abilities decrease as they are levelled up, and the energy champions' ultimate abilities do not cost energy to cast. Akali is the only champion that can increase her maximum energy by using Twilight Shroud . Energy restoration can be increased with Crest of Insight or Presence of Mind . Contents 1 General 2 Champions 3 Increasing maximum energy 3.1 Champion abilities 4 Restoring energy 4.1 General 4.2 Champion abilities 4.3 Runes 4.4 Buffs 5 Trivia General [ ] The base maximum for energy is set to 200, with the exception of Shen with 400 base energy . Champions [ ] The following champions use energy: Akali Kennen Lee Sin Shen Zed Increasing maximum energy [ ] Champion abilities [ ] Akali's Twilight Shroud Restoring energy [ ] General [ ] The base energy regeneration is 10 energy regenerated every second ( 50 per 5s), effectively requiring 20 seconds to regenerate the entire 200 energy pool. Shen will require twice as much time to restore his entire energy pool, increasing this time to 40 seconds . Akali will require 30 seconds to regenerate her entire energy pool when Twilight Shroud is active. Returning to the spawning pool, which restores a percentage of your maximum energy per second, is not as useful as with mana champions. Champion abilities [ ] Akali's Twilight Shroud Kennen's Mark of the Storm and Lightning Rush Lee Sin's Flurry Shen's Shadow Dash Zed's Living Shadow Runes [ ] Presence of Mind Buffs [ ] Crest of Insight Trivia [ ] All ninjas in the game use energy . Lee Sin is the only non-ninja champion to use energy . In Dominion , the base energy regeneration was set to 12 per second ( 60 per 5s). From patch V1.0.0.150 to patch V4.20 , the Ichor of Illumination granted increased energy regeneration . Champion statistics Offensive Ability power · Attack damage · Attack speed · Critical strike chance · Critical strike damage · Armor penetration · Magic penetration · Life steal · Omnivamp · Physical vamp · True damage Defensive Heal and shield power · Health · Health regeneration · Armor · Magic resistance · Tenacity · Slow resist Utility Ability haste · Energy · Energy regeneration · Mana · Mana regeneration Movement speed · Range Other Experience · Gold generation Gameplay Elements Targeting Types Auto ( Passive · Self ) · Direction · Location · Unit · Proximity · Vector ( Collision · Radius ) Unit types Champion · Minion · Monster · Pets · Structures ( Turret · Inhibitor · Nexus ) Effect types Ability effects · Attack effects ( On-hit ) · Area of effect · Damage over time · Heal · Multi-hit · Redirected damage · Shield · Single-targeted Ability types Attached · Aura · Blink · Buff · Channel · Combat status · Crowd control · Damage ( Ability · Basic · Magic · Physical · True · Nexus Obelisk · Execution ) · Dash · Debuff · Invulnerability · Pet · Projectile · Sight · Spell shield · Stealth · Tether · Untargetability · Ward