Eye of the Herald Edit Description Consume - Herald's Call: Channel for 1 second and summon the Eye of the Herald in front of you, which is crushed over 5 seconds to summon an allied Rift Herald Mercenary that sieges enemy structures . The Mercenary can be ridden by you or an allied champion by using Rift Herald Rodeo . This trinket is placed on a 3-second cooldown while in combat with non- minions and is automatically consumed after a 0. 033 -seconds delay when the trinket expires, even if the holder is dead. Stats Duration 240 Source Rift Herald Affect Holder only The Eye of the Herald is a neutral buff that is gained upon securing the eye that spawns after slaying Rift Herald . It is available only on Summoner's Rift . The eye can be picked up by moving near it, and will otherwise disappear after 20 seconds. Only members of the team that killed the Rift Herald can pick up the eye. The Eye of the Herald also replaces the trinket item in the trinket slot, which prevents purchasing trinket items until it has been consumed. Consume the trinket to summon an allied Rift Herald that aids your team. If the trinket is not used before it expires, it will be consumed to summon the Rift Herald automatically. Similarly, if the trinket expires while the user is dead , it will be consumed on its own to summon the Rift Herald at their team's spawn . All players are alerted by a cry as an audio cue for when the Rift Herald is summoned. Neutral buffs Summoner's Rift Large monsters Crest of Cinders Crest of Insight Epic monsters Aspect of the Dragon Eye of the Herald Dragon Slayer Dragon Soul Hand of Baron Hunger of the Void Touch of the Void Removed content Blessing of the Lizard Elder Crest of Crushing Wrath Crest of Nature's Fury Crest of Flowing Water Doom's Eve Exalted with Baron Nashor Gift of Heavy Hands Crest of the Ancient Golem Gift of the Toadstool Mark of the Conqueror Razor Sharp Storm Shield Eye of the Herald (Item) [ ] Eye of the Herald edit Consume Unique – Herald's Call : Channel for 1 second and summon the Eye of the Herald 350 units in front of you, which is crushed over 5 seconds to summon an allied Rift Herald that sieges enemy structures . The Rift Herald can be ridden by you or an allied champion using the Rift Herald Rodeo . This effect is placed on a 3-second cooldown while in combat with non- minions . Limitations Limited to 1 Trinket item. The Eye of the Herald will be removed from the inventory if not used within 240 seconds. Recipe Cost Sell ID Special No Sell 3513 Availability SR 5v5 Nexus Blitz Eye of the Herald is a consumable item in League of Legends . Notes Gaining the Eye of the Herald trinket will place Herald's Call on a 0. 25 -second cooldown, and consuming it places the current trinket item on the same cooldown. Consuming the Eye of the Herald trinket will reset the cooldown of the current trinket item after 2. 5 seconds. Herald's Call's channel cannot be interrupted by any means. Herald's Call does not break stealth . Herald's Call is disabled while in Mordekaiser's Realm of Death . If the Eye of the Herald is going to expire within 15 seconds, the user's screen will flash purple and an audio cue will be played to indicate it. The eye will be summoned a fixed distance away in the user's facing direction. The eye can be picked up even while untargetable . The eye cannot be picked up while in a zombie state . The eye, while it is waiting to be picked up, will turn to face the nearest champion. Old icons 1st version Media Glimpse of the Void VFX Channel VFX Rift Herald Summoned Rift Herald Charging Structure Rodeo Windup Rodeo Charge Rodeo Charge Aftermath Patch History V14.1 Updated icon. New Effect: Upon picking up the Eye of the Herald , the holder and any of their allies who participated in slaying the pit Rift Herald gain an Empowered Recall Charge . The charge is consumed once the next channel completes and lasts indefinitely otherwise. No longer only grants an Empowered Recall Charge to the holder. New Effect: If the trinket expires before being used, it is automatically consumed to summon the Mercenary after a 0. 033 -seconds delay. New Effect: If the trinket expires while the user is dead, the Mercenary is automatically summoned at their team's spawn. New Effect: The Mercenary now grants her kill credit to the champion who summoned her as well as the slayer's allies if they participated in her takedown as the pit Rift Herald . New Effect - Rift Herald Rodeo: After summoning the Mercenary , the user or one of their allied champions can target the monster to immediately become untargetable , invulnerable , displacement immune , and unable to act , and wind up for 0. 75 seconds to attach themselves to the monster and "ride" it for up to 12. 5 seconds. Once a champion starts the ride, the monster also starts winding up for 0. 75 seconds, during which the player may issue a movement command in order to select the charge's starting direction. After finishing the wind-up, the monster begins charging in the chosen direction. The rider can steer the monster in the direction of their cursor. Enemies in the path of the charge are dealt 250 true damage , and knocked up and stunned them for 1 second. The charge stops at the end of the duration or when the monster collides with an enemy structure or terrain, causing it to lose 66% of its current health and forcing the champion to detach and emerge from its back at a distance of 200, increased to 700 if they charged into a targetable structure. The emerge distance increases by 75% of the champion's total attack range. The Mercenary starts its charge at 150 movement speed and ramps up non-linearly to a maximum of 600 over the first 5 seconds. This is increased by 75% while charging towards an enemy structure. If a starting direction for the charge is not chosen, the charge will default to the monster's facing direction. Hitting a targetable structure with the charge deals the same damage as if the Mercenary would charge into it herself, summons 5 (+ 1 − 6 (based on Touch of the Void stacks) ) Voidmites that attack the nearest structure, and grants the emerged champion a shield that decays over 4. 5 seconds. This effect cannot be used again until the Mercenary has assisted in destroying an enemy turret. The monster cannot be ridden if it is in combat with a structure. V13.16 Bug Fix: Now once again flashes the player's screen in purple to indicate when the item is about to expire. V9.23 Pick-up window reduced to 20 seconds from 40. Channel time reduced to 1 second from 4. Undocumented: Channel can no longer be interrupted. V9.22 Bug Fix: Now properly has the 1 second lockout period that all trinkets have to prevent accidental usage. V9.21 Bug Fix: Only champions can pick up Eye of the Herald . Dashing as Yasuo through it with Last Breath or having the living shadow from Shadow Assassin's Blade's Reach stand on it no longer has those non-champion entities pick it up. V8.24 New Effect: Now goes on a 3-second cooldown during combat with non-minions. V7.24 Pinging the item now messages its remaining duration in team chat. V7.9 Rework Rift Herald now drops the Eye of the Herald when killed. Glimpse of the Void effect changed to granting Empowered Recall and no longer grants combat-related buffs. V6.9 Rework Renamed Glimpse of the Void from Doom's Eve . While there are no allies nearby, you take 5% damage reduction from enemy champions and generate X / Y (based on level) Corruption stacks per second. At 100 stacks, your next basic attack consumes all stacks to deal 15 / 270 (based on level) bonus magic damage. Works versus structures, damage halved for ranged champions. Lasts for 20 minutes and is retained even if slain. V5.22 Added Self Grants 10% increased damage Reduces recall time by 4 seconds. A successful recall restores 50% of your champion's maximum health / mana and grants +50% movement speed for 8 seconds. Minion Aura All minions Increase speed to match 90% of average movement speed of nearby champions, capped at 500 movement speed Gain resistance to slow effects Non-super minions have 75% damage reduction versus area of effect, damage over time, and persistent effects Melee minions Gain +50% movement speed when within 800 units of enemy minions or turrets Increased size +75 attack range +75% damage reduction versus champions and minions +30% damage reduction versus turrets (similar to cannon minions) Caster minions +20 attack damage +50% missile speed +100 attack range Cannon minions (beyond turret range) +600 attack range +50 attack damage, but attack speed is halved Attacks are now Area of Effect (200 range) and deal double damage to turrets Super minions +25% attack speed Gain +50% movement speed when within 800 units of enemy minion or turret References [ ] List of Items Starter items Potions and Consumables Trinkets Distributed items Boots Basic items Epic items Legendary items Ornn's item upgrades Champion exclusive items Minion and Turret items Special Game Mode Items Removed items References [ ]