Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Fiddlesticks View in 3D 585 / 21-Feb-2009 Spectral Fiddlesticks View in 3D 520 / 16-Mar-2010 Bandito Fiddlesticks View in 3D 520 / 10-Aug-2010 Surprise Party Fiddlesticks View in 3D 975 / 27-Oct-2011 Risen Fiddlesticks View in 3D 1350 / 29-Apr-2015 Praetorian Fiddlesticks View in 3D 1350 / 08-Nov-2018 Star Nemesis Fiddlesticks View in 3D 1350 / 14-Jul-2022 Bandito Fiddlesticks Chromas Amethyst Citrine Obsidian Pearl Peridot Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Praetorian Fiddlesticks Chromas Citrine Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Star Nemesis Fiddlesticks Chromas Citrine Obsidian Peridot Rose Quartz Ruby Sandstone Sapphire Turquoise Wicked Surprise Party Fiddlesticks Chromas Amethyst Peridot Ruby Legacy Vault Union Jack Fiddlesticks View in 3D 520 / 12-Feb-2010 Pumpkinhead Fiddlesticks View in 3D 520 / 19-Oct-2010 Fiddle Me Timbers View in 3D 750 / 26-Apr-2010 Dark Candy Fiddlesticks View in 3D 975 / 14-Dec-2012 Screenshots [ ] Dark Candy Fiddlesticks Risen Fiddlesticks Praetorian Fiddlesticks Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 It Won't Die Lethal damage prevented with healing from Bountiful Harvest (W) Jumpscares Multiple champions feared by Crowstorm (R) Sown Silence Time champions have spent silenced by Reap (E) End Of Men Damage to champions with Crowstorm (R) First of Ten Empowered Terrify (Q) hits on champions Jeepers Creepers Vision score generated with Scarecrow Effigy (P) Trivia [ ] Original Fiddlesticks He might be referencing 'The Scarecrow Walks at Midnight' from Goosebumps by R. L. Stine . When he places down his Passive clone, its' lantern creaks the melody of The Ancient Fear . Original Fiddlesticks In his older splash artwork , he wore a key around his neck. On Ask Riot of November 7th 2017 , Riot Games revealed us the fact that Zoe actually "borrowed" his key in one of her visits through Runeterra. It can now be seen hanging off Zoe's belt in her splash art . His very first splash art was directly tweaked for the first splash art of his Spectral skin. Union Jack Fiddlesticks This skin shares the Winter Sports theme with: Curling Veigar Festival Kassadin Ice Toboggan Corki Team Spirit Anivia The Mighty Jax Vancouver Amumu Whistler Village Twitch He was released in celebration of the 2010 Winter Olympics along with: Vancouver Amumu Team Spirit Anivia Ice Toboggan Corki Festival Kassadin The Mighty Jax Whistler Village Twitch Curling Veigar After his full relaunch , the skin now directly references Jack the Ripper and Spring-heeled Jack . Union Jack Fiddlesticks He references the the United Kingdom flag . Spectral Fiddlesticks This skin shares the Omen of the Dark theme with: Black Scourge Singed Blade Queen Lissandra Cursed Revenant Nocturne Executioner Mundo Grey Warwick Iron Inquisitor Kayle Undertaker Yorick Bandito Fiddlesticks Chromas: Amethyst,  Citrine,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Peridot,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the High Noon theme with: Cowgirl Miss Fortune High Noon Darius High Noon Hecarim High Noon Leona High Noon Senna ...and others High Noon Thresh High Noon Twitch Longhorn Alistar Sandscourge Skarner Sheriff Caitlyn His face mask shares visual similarities with Pyke's face mask. Pumpkinhead Fiddlesticks This skin shares the Trick-or-Treat theme with: Count Kledula FrankenTibbers Annie Haunted Zyra Headless Hecarim Mundo Mundo ...and others Nightmare Tryndamere Pumpkin Prince Amumu Ravenborn LeBlanc Trick or Treat Ekko Witch's Brew Blitzcrank He was released in celebration of Harrowing 2010 along with: Mundo Mundo Kitty Cat Katarina Lollipoppy Zombie Ryze Nosferatu Vladimir He resembles a Jack-o'-lantern . He might be referencing the Headless Horseman from The Legend of Sleepy Hollow by Washington Irving . Fiddle Me Timbers This skin shares the Bilgewater: Burning Tides theme with: Bilgewater Katarina Buccaneer Tristana Captain Gangplank Captain Fortune Cutpurse Twisted Fate ...and others Cutthroat Graves Kingpin Twitch Pirate Ryze Rogue Admiral Garen Sea Hunter Aatrox He references Shiver me timbers . He references and embodies Blackbeard's belief in a reputation built on fear and tall tales. Surprise Party Fiddlesticks Chromas: Amethyst,  Peridot,  Ruby This skin shares the Surprise Party theme with: Annie-Versary Surprise Party Amumu This is the first and only skin with unique ability icons. Following the relaunch, this is also the first and only skin with unique ability icons for every single one of the champion's abilities, namely the innate ability , Q ability , W ability , E ability and ultimate ability . Additionally, the in-game fear graphic for enemies feared specifically by him also features a party hat. Features a party hat, bow tie, and party horn. Surprise Party Amumu can be seen in the background of his splash art. This skin was released in celebration of the League of Legends 2nd Anniversary. [1] After Fiddlesticks' full relaunch, this skin now shows the 10th Anniversary cake in both his splash art and recall animation. He was conceived by three players ('GreenEyedMonster', 'Extra Pistol', and 'Mr.D') who got him for free. Despite being a Legendary skin he is permanently priced at 975 . Primetime Draven shares the same status and pricing. His dance is a reference to the Shoot Dance . Surprise Party Fiddlesticks As stated above, this was the first skin with unique ability icons, namely for Dark Wind and Crowstorm . The fear graphic for enemies feared specifically by him was also unique for this skin before the relaunch. This can be seen here . Dark Candy Fiddlesticks This skin shares the Sugar Rush theme with: Bittersweet Lulu Candy King Ivern Lollipoppy Sugar Rush Braum Sugar Rush Evelynn Sugar Rush Ziggs Sugar Rush Zilean He was released in celebration of Snowdown Showdown 2012 along with: Slay Belle Katarina Bad Santa Veigar Snow Day Ziggs In one of the thumbnails for the concept of his splash art, Slay Belle Katarina can be seen in the background. Risen Fiddlesticks This skin shares the Guardian of the Sands theme with: Guardian of the Sands Janna Guardian of the Sands Kha'Zix Guardian of the Sands Rammus Guardian of the Sands Rengar Guardian of the Sands Ryze ...and others Guardian of the Sands Skarner Guardian of the Sands Xerath Sand Wraith Pyke Sandstorm Ekko Sandstorm Katarina The crows in Crowstorm are replaced with K'miros ( shuriman scarabs the size of large dog breeds). He darkens when channeling Crowstorm as well as when it's active. He has mummified hands crossed on his body while his actual moving hands are spectral. Praetorian Fiddlesticks Chromas: Citrine,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Praetorian theme with: Praetorian Graves This is Fiddlesticks' first skin where he is incapable of speech. Praetorian Fiddlesticks could be a reference to the Geth from the Mass Effect-Franchise due to their similiarities in sounds and look Star Nemesis Fiddlesticks Chromas: Citrine,  Obsidian,  Peridot,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sandstone,  Sapphire,  Turquoise,  Wicked This skin shares the Star Guardian Season 4 theme with: Prestige Star Guardian Ekko Prestige Star Guardian Syndra Redeemed Star Guardian Xayah Star Guardian Akali Star Guardian Ekko ...and others Star Guardian Kai'Sa Star Guardian Nilah Star Guardian Orianna Star Guardian Senna Star Guardian Taliyah Fiddlesticks was originally Harp, one of the first Star Guardians and a friend of Star Guardian Zoe whom was transformed into a monster after falling into darkness. The only remnant of Harp is her familiar Geist, whom is trapped in the cage in Fiddlesticks' chest. Star Nemesis Fiddlesticks' chess motif was chosen to symbolize Harp's connection to Zoe, as both Fiddlesticks and Zoe rely on having a tactical playstyle. [2] References [ ] ↑ Anniversary Celebration: It's a Surprise! ↑ Developing the Star Nemesis Villains