Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Fiora View in 3D 880 / 29-Feb-2012 Royal Guard Fiora View in 3D 520 / 29-Feb-2012 Nightraven Fiora View in 3D 750 / 29-Feb-2012 PROJECT: Fiora View in 3D 1350 / 07-Sep-2015 Pool Party Fiora View in 3D 1350 / 13-Jul-2016 Soaring Sword Fiora View in 3D 1350 / 27-Sep-2017 Pulsefire Fiora View in 3D 1350 / 14-May-2020 Faerie Court Fiora View in 3D 1350 / 23-Mar-2023 Dragonmancer Fiora View in 3D 1350 / 09-Jan-2024 Dragonmancer Fiora Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Faerie Court Fiora Chromas Catseye Emerald Obsidian Peridot Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Winsome PROJECT: Fiora Chromas Reckoning Pool Party Fiora Chromas Aquamarine Citrine Pearl Rainbow Rose Quartz Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Pulsefire Fiora Chromas Amethyst Chrono Citrine Obsidian Pearl Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Legacy Vault Headmistress Fiora View in 3D 975 / 26-Oct-2012 Heartpiercer Fiora View in 3D 1350 / 11-Feb-2019 iG Fiora View in 3D 1350 / 23-Apr-2019 Lunar Beast Fiora View in 3D 1350 / 04-Feb-2021 Bewitching Fiora View in 3D 1350 / 07-Oct-2021 Bewitching Fiora Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Headmistress Fiora Chromas Amethyst Catseye Jasper Pearl Quartz Ruby Sandstone Sapphire Heartpiercer Fiora Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Citrine Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Lunar Beast Fiora Chromas Catseye Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Vitality iG Fiora Chromas Tenfold Triumph Rare & Limited Prestige Lunar Beast Fiora View in 3D Special / 04-Feb-2021 Screenshots [ ] Headmistress Fiora Classic Fiora (Visual & Gameplay Update) Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Challenges Met Number of Grand Challenges (R) completed En Garde Damage mitigated with Riposte (W) Vitals Vitals (P/R) struck on champions Highly Critical Critical Strike damage to champions and Turrets with Bladework (E2) Pointe Work Skillshots dodged with Lunge (Q) Unworthy Champions stunned with Riposte (W) Trivia [ ] Original Fiora The splashart background is the Laurent house. The family crest can be found on the banners and the window pattern. Royal Guard Fiora This skin shares the Fables theme with: Dark Valkyrie Diana Djinn Malzahar Loch Ness Cho'Gath Muse Sona Musketeer Twisted Fate ...and others Mythic Cassiopeia Perseus Pantheon Sasquatch Nunu & Willump Siren Cassiopeia Valkyrie Leona She references the Musketeers of the Guard . She was nicknamed 'Musketeer Fiora' before being given her final name. Nightraven Fiora This skin shares the Bloodstone theme with: Blood Knight Hecarim Blood Lord Vladimir Bloodfury Renekton Bloodstone Lissandra Bloodstone Taric Dark Crystal Ryze She was nicknamed ' Zorro Fiora' before being given her final name. Headmistress Fiora Chromas: Amethyst,  Catseye,  Jasper,  Pearl,  Quartz,  Ruby,  Sandstone,  Sapphire This skin shares the Academy theme with: Academy Ahri Academy Darius Academy Ekko Academy Vladimir Professor Ryze She was released in celebration of Harrowing 2012 along with: Zombie Brand Headless Hecarim Haunted Maokai Pirate Ryze Underworld Twisted Fate She references the ' sexy teacher ' trope. Her sword is replaced by a Yardstick and her taunt has her breaking it in half. Her Sapphire Chroma resembles Margery Daw from Shakugan no Shana . PROJECT: Fiora Chromas: Reckoning This skin shares the PROJECT theme with: Prestige PROJECT: Sylas Prestige PROJECT: Zed PROJECT: Akali PROJECT: Ekko PROJECT: Leona ...and others PROJECT: Renekton PROJECT: Sejuani PROJECT: Sylas PROJECT: Warwick PROJECT: Zed She is from an alternate future in which she was cybernetically augmented as part of the PROJECT Initiative. When recalling , her visor slides off revealing a barcode stamped on her forehead (might be referencing Raiden from Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance ). PROJECT: Yi describes her as: "Weaves, unweaves; unraveled defense, dashing forward, blade gleaming. Caught orbiting one vision, dashing, striking, blade dancing... everything is optimized for the duel." If one tells PROJECT: Ashe they fight for 'challenge' , she'll say the following: "We must act with precision." Her gear includes: Zero Pulse Blade (made a cameo for Snowdown Showdown 2014) MC-3 Firing Piston Zero Pulse Stabilizer XR Combustion Chamber Unknown Pool Party Fiora Chromas: Aquamarine,  Citrine,  Pearl,  Rainbow,  Rose Quartz,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Pool Party theme with: Pool Party Caitlyn Pool Party Draven Pool Party Graves Pool Party Leona Pool Party Miss Fortune ...and others Pool Party Orianna Pool Party Renekton Pool Party Sett Pool Party Zoe Pool Party Mundo Her level 1 and 2 splash arts in Legends of Runeterra are the direct prequel of her League of Legends splash art. Ashe , Darius , Garen , Tryndamere and Katarina in Pool Party attire. Her blade is replaced with a Pool Noodle sword. Depending on the chroma, the colour might reflect ice lolly flavors. Citrine is possibly lime. Rainbow is the same kind. Sapphire has a melon texture. Pearl might be referencing the Rocket Ice Lolly. She features a tattoo of the Laurent family crest rose, on her right outer thigh. Her swimsuit colors are Aquamarine and Tanzanite. Soaring Sword Fiora This skin shares the Immortal Journey theme with: Enduring Sword Talon Eternal Sword Yi God Staff Jax Immortal Journey Kayle Immortal Journey Shyvana ...and others Immortal Journey Zed Immortal Journey Zeri Prestige Valiant Sword Riven Prestige Valiant Sword Riven (2022) Valiant Sword Riven She was released along with: Sacred Sword Janna Eternal Sword Yi Heartpiercer Fiora Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Citrine,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Heartbreakers theme with: Heartbreaker Vi Heartseeker Jinx Heartseeker Orianna Heartseeker Quinn Heartseeker Varus ...and others Heartseeker Vayne Heartseeker Yuumi Sweetheart Annie Sweetheart Sona Sweetheart Xayah Thomas 'Hylia' Randby originally concepted this skin as a fanart but was allowed to create it after joining Riot. [1] Heartpiercer Fiora is facilitating Heartbreaker Vi's accolade. Heartbreaker Vi splash shares the same moment, though it is seconds before when the sword was upon the left shoulder. Two topiaries of Heartpiercer Fiora and Heartseeker Ashe can be seen in the background. They maybe the queens of the Heartseeker world . iG Fiora Chromas: Tenfold Triumph This skin shares the World Champions: 2018 theme with: iG Camille iG Irelia iG Kai'Sa iG LeBlanc iG Rakan She was released in celebration of Invictus Gaming winning the Season 2018 World Championship along with: iG Camille iG Irelia iG Kai'Sa iG LeBlanc iG Rakan She represents TheShy . The idea for the Recall animation was thought up by TheShy himself and displays his signature. Pulsefire Fiora Chromas: Amethyst,  Chrono,  Citrine,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the Pulsefire theme with: Prestige Pulsefire Thresh Prestige Pulsefire Thresh (2022) Pulsefire Caitlyn Pulsefire Ekko Pulsefire Ezreal ...and others Pulsefire Pantheon Pulsefire Riven Pulsefire Shen Pulsefire Thresh Pulsefire Twisted Fate Fiora can be seen fighting Pulsefire Thresh in the foreground of her splash art. Lunar Beast Fiora Chromas: Catseye,  Obsidian,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Vitality This skin shares the Lunar Beast theme with: Lunar Beast Alistar Lunar Beast Annie Lunar Beast Aphelios Lunar Beast Darius Lunar Beast Jarvan IV Lunar Beast Viego Prestige Lunar Beast Fiora This is the first skin to receive both a prestige variant and a full set of chromas. Lunar Beast Miss Fortune , Lunar Beast Darius , and Lunar Beast Alistar can be seen in the background of her splash art. Prestige Lunar Beast Fiora This skin shares the Lunar Beast theme with: Lunar Beast Alistar Lunar Beast Annie Lunar Beast Aphelios Lunar Beast Darius Lunar Beast Fiora Lunar Beast Jarvan IV Lunar Beast Viego Faerie Court Fiora Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Peridot,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise,  Winsome This skin shares the Faerie Court theme with: Faerie Court Ezreal Faerie Court Kalista Faerie Court Katarina Faerie Court Milio Faerie Court Seraphine Faerie Queen Karma Prestige Faerie Court Katarina References [ ] ↑ Hylia on Heartpiercer Fiora