Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Fizz View in 3D 880 / 15-Nov-2011 Atlantean Fizz View in 3D 520 / 15-Nov-2011 Tundra Fizz View in 3D 750 / 15-Nov-2011 Fisherman Fizz View in 3D 975 / 01-Apr-2012 Void Fizz View in 3D 1350 / 06-Apr-2014 Cottontail Fizz View in 3D 975 / 09-Aug-2015 Super Galaxy Fizz View in 3D 1350 / 25-May-2016 Omega Squad Fizz View in 3D 1350 / 26-Jul-2017 Fuzz Fizz View in 3D 1350 / 27-Mar-2019 Astronaut Fizz View in 3D 1350 / 24-Feb-2023 Astronaut Fizz Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Emerald Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Turquoise Omega Squad Fizz Chromas Obsidian Pearl Tanzanite Original Fizz Chromas Blue Orange Red Legacy Vault Little Devil Fizz View in 3D 1350 / 22-Oct-2020 Little Devil Fizz Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Rare & Limited Prestige Fuzz Fizz View in 3D Special / 27-Mar-2019 Prestige Fuzz Fizz (2022) View in 3D Special / 01-Apr-2022 Screenshots [ ] Fisherman Fizz Void Fizz Cottontail Fizz Classic Fizz (Visual VFX Update) Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Deadly Games Skillshots dodged with Playful/Trickster (E) Fish Boops Champions hit with the lure of Chum the Waters (R) Seastone Strikes Damage to champions with Seastone Trident (W) Fish Food Champions killed within 6 seconds of being damaged by Chum the Waters (R) Slippery Damage prevented by Nimble Fighter (P) Splash Landing Damage to champions with Playful/Trickster (E) Trivia [ ] Original Fizz Chromas: Blue,  Orange,  Red He is based on the Axolotl & other distantly related salamanders who don't metamorphose. Those salamanders, however, seldom leave water and rarely breathe air with their lungs. Interestingly, the tiger salamander, as the axolotl's closest relative, fully metamorphoses into air-breathing amphibians. The 'flaps' on Fizz's head are possibly gills , yet they lack the filaments for gas exchange & have suction cups on the underside, much like cephalopod arms . He might have been inspired by Stitch from Lilo & Stitch . His Blue Chroma bears an even stronger resemblance to him. Atlantean Fizz This skin shares the Forgotten Depths theme with: Abyssal Nautilus Atlantean Syndra Coral Reef Malphite Deep One Kassadin Deep Sea Kog'Maw Deep Sea Nami Deep Terror Thresh He references Plato's fictional island & lost civilization. as well as a Deep One from the Cthulhu Mythos by H. P. Lovecraft . Tundra Fizz This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali His outfit references Inuits . A toothed whale replaces Longtooth for Chum the Waters . Fisherman Fizz This skin shares the Day Job theme with: Almost-Prom King Amumu Boom Boom Blitzcrank Corporate Mundo French Maid Nidalee Jurassic Cho'Gath ...and others Matador Alistar Prestigious LeBlanc Primetime Draven Prom Queen Annie Scuba Gragas He was released in celebration of April Fools' Day 2012 . He references the mascot from Gorton's of Gloucester . "Call me Fishmael" is a play on a quote from Moby Dick . ( "Call me Ishmael." ) Urf replaces Longtooth for Chum the Waters . Void Fizz This skin shares the Curse of the Void theme with: Pre-Void Kassadin Void Nocturne Void Bringer Illaoi He was conceived as 'Voidborn Fizz'. Cottontail Fizz This skin shares the Cottontail theme with: Cottontail Teemo He might be referencing Bugs Bunny from Looney Tunes . A giant bunny replaces Longtooth for Chum the Waters . Super Galaxy Fizz This skin shares the Super Galaxy theme with: Super Galaxy Annie Super Galaxy Elise Super Galaxy Gnar Super Galaxy Kindred Super Galaxy Nidalee Super Galaxy Rumble Super Galaxy Shyvana Omega Squad Fizz Chromas: Obsidian,  Pearl,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Omega Squad theme with: Omega Squad Teemo Omega Squad Tristana Omega Squad Twitch Omega Squad Veigar Omega Squad Teemo (pre-mental breakdown) can be seen riding on a dolphin who replaces Longtooth for Chum the Waters .. Fuzz Fizz This skin shares the Cats Versus Dogs theme with: Corgi Corki Kibble-Head Kled Kittalee Meowkai Meowrick ...and others Prestige Fuzz Fizz Prestige Fuzz Fizz (2022) Pretty Kitty Rengar Shiba Yuumi Woof and Lamb Kindred This skin was released in celebration of April Fools' Day 2019 along with: Corgi Corki Prestige Fuzz Fizz Pretty Kitty Rengar Meowrick This skin was inspired by the Spaniel breed of dogs, perhaps specifically the Cavalier King Charles Spaniel . His fur coat can be considered "Blenheim" (light brown/chestnut and white) which is the most common colour for Cavalier's. A Husky dog breed replaces Longtooth for Chum the Waters . Fuzz Fizz , Corgi Corki , Pretty Kitty Rengar , and Meowrick all share splash arts. Both Cat and Dog splash arts are connected, so several champions can be seen in the background of the splash arts: Primetime Draven Original Neeko as Kitty Cat Katarina Original Kindred Pug'Maw Wicked Lulu's cat polymorph Meowkai Archduke Nasus Original Nidalee Original Poppy Dragon Trainer Tristana Urfwick Prestige Fuzz Fizz This skin shares the Cats Versus Dogs theme with: Corgi Corki Fuzz Fizz Kibble-Head Kled Kittalee Meowkai ...and others Meowrick Prestige Fuzz Fizz (2022) Pretty Kitty Rengar Shiba Yuumi Woof and Lamb Kindred This skin was released in celebration of April Fools' Day 2019 along with: Corgi Corki Fuzz Fizz Pretty Kitty Rengar Meowrick This skin was inspired by the Spaniel breed of dogs. A Pug dog breed replaces Longtooth for Chum the Waters . Several champions can be seen in the background of his splash art: Prestige K/DA Akali Prestige K/DA Kai'Sa Original Kindred Archduke Nasus Original Poppy Dragon Trainer Tristana Urf the Manatee Little Devil Fizz Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Demonic theme with: Demon Vi Gatekeeper Galio Little Demon Tristana Little Devil Teemo When he uses his ultimate, he summons Little Devil Teemo to eat his opponents. Astronaut Fizz Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Turquoise This skin shares the Astronauts theme with: Astronaut Bard Astronaut Corki Astronaut Ivern Astronaut Kennen Astronaut Maokai ...and others Astronaut Poppy Astronaut Singed Astronaut Teemo Astronaut Xerath AstroNautilus References [ ]