For the removed Twisted Treeline variant, see Timeworn Frostfang . "You belong in a museum!" This article or section may contain obsolete information, but exists here for historical purposes. This item has been removed on patch V14.1 . Frostfang edit Stats +15 ability power +70 health +50% base mana regeneration + 3 per 10 seconds Active Unique – Warding : Consumes a charge to place a Stealth Ward at the target location, which grants sight of the surrounding area. Charges refill upon visiting the shop (3 charges; 600 range). Passive Unique – Tribute : Grants a charge every 12 seconds, up to 3 charges. If an allied champion is nearby , damaging basic attacks and abilities against champions and structures consume a charge, up to one per attack or cast. Consuming a charge grants 20 . Receive diminishing gold from excessive minion kills. Unique – Quest : Earn 500 using this item to upgrade to Shard of True Ice , increasing the Warding active to instead have 4 wards in stock. Limitations Limited to 1 Support / Jungle item. warding Recipe + 0 Cost Sell ID 400 160 3851 Availability SR 5v5 Menu Mage Supporter Ability Power Mana & Regeneration Health & Regeneration Keywords Support Economy Gold Sightstone Ward Frostfang was an epic item in League of Legends . It was exclusive to Classic Summoner's Rift 5v5 . Recipe Frostfang 400 (Special) Spellthief's Edge 400 Cost Analysis Gold efficiency Frostfang's base stats were <span class="basic-tooltip" style="border-bottom:1px dotted gray;cursor:help;" title=" Expression error: Unexpected < operator. "> Expression error: Missing operand for /. % gold efficient. Consuming 3 charges within every 30 seconds causes Tribute to grant 20 per 10 seconds. Along with the 2 per 10 seconds stat, this increases to 23 per 10 seconds. Similar items Harrowing Crescent Runesteel Spaulders Targon's Buckler Notes Tribute can trigger even if the allied champion nearby is dead. Quest's reward is only granted if the user has not been in combat within the last 5 seconds. Completing the Quest only grants 1 charge for Warding . Visiting the shop is required to refill the charges. "Receive diminishing gold from excessive minion kills" : Before 5 minutes, increasing your creep score by 10 or more (from killing minions) in the last 5 minutes reduces gold from minion kills by 80%. After 5 minutes, the limit is increased to 20 creep score and gold from minion kills is instead reduced by 50% − 80% (based on creep score) . Strategy Because killing minions is discouraged, Frostfang is best built on supports who are able to harass effectively in-lane . Old icons 1st version 2nd version Trivia The amount of gold gained with the item is indicated in-game by the Gold Quest tooltip. This item is a later incarnation of Kage's Lucky Pick , this name is a reference to Kage's quest to find the titular Pick in Tenacious D in The Pick of Destiny . Targon's Brace , Frostfang , and Nomad's Medallion are a set of items available since Season Four that were designed for Support . They were themed after locations from Runeterra that all incidentally involve a form of physical transcendence. This collection was changed in Season Ten , which includes Frostfang , Targon's Buckler , Harrowing Crescent , and Runesteel Spaulders . Completing the quest send the following chat message to the team: "Summoner (Champion) Quest Complete! Completion Time: XX:XX" . Media Stealth Ward Stealthed Sound Effects Quest Complete Link ▶️ Passive SFX 