Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Galio View in 3D 790 / 10-Aug-2010 Enchanted Galio View in 3D 520 / 10-Aug-2010 Commando Galio View in 3D 520 / 18-Jan-2011 Gatekeeper Galio View in 3D 1820 / 23-Apr-2012 Debonair Galio View in 3D 750 / 13-Apr-2015 Birdio View in 3D 975 / 29-Mar-2018 Infernal Galio View in 3D 1350 / 05-Sep-2019 Dragon Guardian Galio View in 3D 1350 / 15-Apr-2021 Birdio Chromas Aquamarine Catseye Citrine Meteorite Rose Quartz Ruby Worlds Early Bird Dragon Guardian Galio Chromas Amethyst Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Infernal Galio Chromas Catseye Pearl Peridot Rose Quartz Ruby Legacy Vault Hextech Galio View in 3D 520 / 10-Aug-2010 Mythmaker Galio View in 3D 1350 / 12-Jan-2023 Mythmaker Galio Chromas Citrine Emerald Gilded Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Screenshots [ ] Debonair Galio (Old) Classic Galio (Full Relaunch) Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Fair Use Bird Punch Champions hit with Justice Punch (E) Main Tanks Multiple (2+) champion taunts with Shield of Durand (W) Superhero Landings Champions knocked up with Hero's Entrance (R) Durand's Colossus Champions hit with Colossal Smash (P) My Wings, Your Face Damage to champions with Winds of War (Q) Petricite Protection Magic damage prevented with Hero's Entrance (R) Trivia [ ] Original Galio A Demacian city can be seen in the background. Enchanted Galio This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali Enchanted Galio He might be referencing Chernabog from Fantasia by Walt Disney . Hextech Galio This skin shares the Hextech theme with: Hextech Alistar Hextech Amumu Hextech Annie Hextech Kassadin Hextech Malzahar ...and others Hextech Poppy Hextech Renekton Hextech Sejuani Hextech Singed Hextech Ziggs He resembles The Iron Giant . He might be referencing 9 and/or Clank from Ratchet & Clank . In early concepts for his splashart, Camille's leg was present and he was holding Annie on his hands. Hextech Galio A mask of Gatekeeper Galio can be seen in the background of his splash art. Commando Galio This skin shares the Commando theme with: Commando Garen Commando Jarvan IV Commando Lux Commando Xin Zhao Guerilla Tristana Special Forces Gangplank He references the Imperial Guard (specifically the Ogryn ) from Warhammer 40,000 . His outfit resembles Chris Redfield's from Resident Evil . Gatekeeper Galio This skin shares the Demonic theme with: Demon Vi Little Demon Tristana Little Devil Fizz Little Devil Teemo He resembles Illidan Stormrage from Warcraft and Hellboy from Dark Horse Comics . His bosses are Little Devil Teemo and Kindred . He is the third non-comical Legendary skin, behind Blood Lord Vladimir and Demonblade Tryndamere . His various interactions are references to the Nine Circles of Hell from Inferno . In the BR server, this skin used to be called Galio Infernal (portuguese for Infernal Galio ). Now that Galio had an actual fire-themed Infernal skin released, it had its name changed to Galio Guardião das Trevas (portuguese for Darkness Guardian Galio ). A more accurate portuguese translation of the original name would be Galio Guardião do Portão . In Teamfight Tactics Set 4, he features as a summonable unit as "Galio" when at least three Cultist units are active. Debonair Galio This skin shares the Debonair theme with: Debonair Brand Debonair Draven Debonair Ezreal Debonair LeBlanc Debonair Leona ...and others Debonair Malzahar Debonair Master Yi Debonair Vi Debonair Zed Prestige Debonair Brand He is interacting with other Gargoyles (likely also created by Durand) while drinking what appears to be a Mana Potion from a Health Potion flask and holding a Coin from Mario . He might be referencing Vito Corleone from The Godfather . Him and the background seem to have been influenced by Art Deco . Birdio Chromas: Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Citrine,  Meteorite,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Worlds Early Bird This skin shares the Culinary Masters theme with: Baker Pantheon Barbecue Leona Butcher Olaf Master Chef Tahm Kench Pizza Delivery Sivir Sashimi Akali Sinful Succulence Morgana Pizza Delivery Sivir can also be seen in the background of his splash art. He was released in celebration of April Fools' Day 2018 along with: Pizza Delivery Sivir His dance references the Chicken Dance , a fad dance . A side-by-side comparison can be seen here . He shares this dance with Anivia . Academy Ahri can be seen in the background. Interestingly enough, her tails are missing but visible in one of the mission assets for April Fools' Day . In Vietnamese translation, the skin is called "Gà-lio" as a wordplay of the word "gà", which means chicken. He is wearing a chicken onesie . He is delivering fried chicken . Infernal Galio Chromas: Catseye,  Pearl,  Peridot,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Infernal theme with: Charred Maokai Firefang Warwick Infernal Akali Infernal Alistar Infernal Amumu ...and others Infernal Diana Infernal Shen Scorched Earth Renekton Scorched Earth Xerath Wildfire Zyra Dragon Guardian Galio Chromas: Amethyst,  Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire This skin shares the Dragon World theme with: Dragon Sorceress Zyra Dragon Trainer Lulu Dragonslayer Braum Dragonslayer Diana Dragonslayer Jarvan IV ...and others Dragonslayer Kayle Dragonslayer Twitch Dragonslayer Vayne Dragonslayer Xin Zhao Scarlet Hammer Poppy Mythmaker Galio Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Gilded,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Mythmaker theme with: Mythmaker Garen Mythmaker Irelia Mythmaker Sivir Mythmaker Zyra Prestige Mythmaker Sivir References [ ]