Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Garen View in 3D 260 / 27-Apr-2010 Commando Garen View in 3D 520 / 08-Sep-2010 Dreadknight Garen View in 3D 975 / 18-Jan-2011 Rugged Garen View in 3D 750 / 15-Aug-2011 Steel Legion Garen View in 3D 1350 / 01-Feb-2013 Rogue Admiral Garen View in 3D 750 / 22-Jul-2015 God-King Garen View in 3D 1820 / 27-Jun-2018 Demacia Vice Garen View in 3D 1350 / 18-Jul-2019 Mecha Kingdoms Garen View in 3D 1350 / 15-Jan-2020 Battle Academia Garen View in 3D 1350 / 18-Mar-2021 Battle Academia Garen Chromas Citrine Emerald Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sandstone Sapphire Turquoise Demacia Vice Garen Chromas Amethyst Catseye Neon Noir Obsidian Pearl Ruby Sapphire Original Garen Chromas Garnet Ivory Plum Legacy Vault Sanguine Garen View in 3D 520 / 27-Apr-2010 Desert Trooper Garen View in 3D 520 / 27-Apr-2010 Warring Kingdoms Garen View in 3D 1350 / 19-Jan-2017 Mythmaker Garen View in 3D 1350 / 12-Jan-2023 Mythmaker Garen Chromas Amethyst Catseye Emerald Gilded Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Warring Kingdoms Garen Chromas Golden Rare & Limited Prestige Mecha Kingdoms Garen View in 3D Special / 15-Jan-2020 Screenshots [ ] Steel Legion Garen Classic Garen & Skins (Visual Update) Rogue Admiral Garen Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Justice Served Champions killed with Demacian Justice (R) Shields Up! Damage mitigated by Courage (W) shields Spin to Win Damage to champions with Judgment (E) Forward! Champion slows cleansed within 1s of application with Decisive Strike (Q) Go Quietly Takedowns on champions while silenced by Decisive Strike (Q) They Will Blend Damage taken by champions as a result of Judgment's (E) Armor reduction Trivia [ ] Original Garen Chromas: Garnet,  Ivory,  Plum The scene depicts him using Judgment . Sanguine Garen This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali He might be referencing Sanguinius and the Blood Angels from Warhammer 40,000 . He resembles a vampire. Desert Trooper Garen This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali He might have been inspired by Duncan Idaho from Dune by Frank Herbert . Commando Garen This skin shares the Commando theme with: Commando Galio Commando Jarvan IV Commando Lux Commando Xin Zhao Guerilla Tristana Special Forces Gangplank He references the Imperial Guard from Warhammer 40,000 . He wears a Beret . This is also the first skin where Garen wears some sort of hat. Dreadknight Garen This skin shares the Dreadknights theme with: Dreadknight Nasus From March 21, 2014 to August 1, 2018, he could be obtained for free by following League of Legends on Twitter . If you did not own Garen, he would be given to you for free along with the skin. He was one of the three skins obtainable for free by following League of Legends' or Riot Games ' social media platforms. The others were: Unchained Alistar Riot Girl Tristana Unlike Unchained Alistar and Riot Girl Tristana , he was made available in the store after August 1st. He might be referencing the Death Knight from World of Warcraft . Rugged Garen This skin shares the Rift Quest theme with: Bard Bard Braum Lionheart Demolisher Nunu & Willump Gragas Caskbreaker Lord Darius ...and others Rageborn Mundo Ryze Whitebeard Sejuani Dawnchaser Twitch Shadowfoot Varus Swiftbolt He references a traditional tabletop role-playing game . He used to be called 'Vagabond Garen'. He might be referencing Geralt of Rivia from The Witcher and/or Aragorn II Elessar from The Lord of the Rings by J. R. R. Tolkien . Steel Legion Garen This skin shares the Steel Legion theme with: Steel Legion Lux He references the Engineer from Torchlight II and the Space Marines from Warhammer 40,000 . His Recall animation references the ThunderCats intro . A side-by-side comparison can be seen here. Rogue Admiral Garen This skin shares the Bilgewater: Burning Tides theme with: Bilgewater Katarina Buccaneer Tristana Captain Gangplank Captain Fortune Cutpurse Twisted Fate ...and others Cutthroat Graves Fiddle Me Timbers Kingpin Twitch Pirate Ryze Sea Hunter Aatrox The wooden gate in the old splash art that he and the others were surrounding was the one containing Ironside Malphite before his release. He resembles Smoker from One Piece . Warring Kingdoms Garen Chromas: Golden This skin shares the Lunar Revel: Warring Kingdoms theme with: Dragonblade Riven Dragonblade Talon Warring Kingdoms Azir Warring Kingdoms Jarvan IV Warring Kingdoms Katarina Warring Kingdoms Nidalee Warring Kingdoms Tryndamere Warring Kingdoms Vi Warring Kingdoms Xin Zhao He was released in celebration of Lunar Revel 2017 (Year of the Rooster ) along with: Warring Kingdoms Azir Warring Kingdoms Vi It is likely a reference to Guan Ping , a Chinese officer living in the late Eastern Han era , also featured in Romance of the Three Kingdoms . Additionally, he and Koei's version of Guan Ping both use a greatsword, the only difference being that Garen wields his sword with one hand and Guan Ping using two hands and dragging it along the ground. Coincidentally, Warring Kingdoms Tryndamere is based on Guan Ping's father Guan Yu . Both father and son served Han warlord Liu Bei , who after their deaths would found the Shu kingdom, heralding the Three Kingdoms period . God-King Garen This skin shares the Battle of the God-Kings theme with: God-King Darius His dance could be a reference to the Dubstep Cat video . It is also a reference to Classic Garen's Johnny Bravo dance . His splash art is part of a larger picture in which he is fighting God-King Darius . God-King Garen is a Being of Order and Dawnbringer Riven is one of his ancestors. Demacia Vice Garen Chromas: Amethyst,  Catseye,  Neon Noir,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Ruby,  Sapphire This skin shares the Demacia Vice theme with: Armor of the Fifth Age Taric Demacia Vice Lucian Neon Strike Vi This is Garen's first Epic skin to have a unique taunt animation. Alongside Lucian , their spawn music is a synthwave remix of Demacia Rising . Originally this skin was conceptualized during the 2017 Thunderdome event as one of three games made for PAX West that year. Other Demacia Vice skins that were conceptualized for the event and weren't released were for Bard , Caitlyn , Darius , Jayce , Lee Sin , and Vi . This skin was inspired by 80s themed media such as: Grand Theft Auto: Vice City OutDrive Hotline Miami Miami Vice as Sonny Crockett Streets of Rage Mecha Kingdoms Garen This skin shares the Mecha Kingdoms theme with: Mecha Kingdoms Draven Mecha Kingdoms Jax Mecha Kingdoms Leona Mecha Kingdoms Sett Prestige Mecha Kingdoms Garen In Teamfight Tactics Set 3, his model and animations are reused for the Super-Mech created when three Mech-Pilot units are active. Prestige Mecha Kingdoms Garen This skin shares the Mecha Kingdoms theme with: Mecha Kingdoms Draven Mecha Kingdoms Garen Mecha Kingdoms Jax Mecha Kingdoms Leona Mecha Kingdoms Sett Battle Academia Garen Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sandstone,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the Battle Academia theme with: Battle Academia Caitlyn Battle Academia Katarina Battle Academia Leona Battle Academia Lux Battle Academia Wukong ...and others Battle Principal Yuumi Battle Professor Graves Prestige Battle Academia Leona Prestige Battle Academia Lux Prestige Battle Academia Lux (2022) Mythmaker Garen Chromas: Amethyst,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Gilded,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the Mythmaker theme with: Mythmaker Galio Mythmaker Irelia Mythmaker Sivir Mythmaker Zyra Prestige Mythmaker Sivir References [ ]