Games Universe • League of Legends • Teamfight Tactics • Legends of Runeterra • Wild Rift Image Garen Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Garen The Might of Demacia Release date 2010-04-27 Last changed V14.2 Class(es) Juggernaut Legacy Fighter Tank Position(s) Top Middle Resource Manaless Range type Melee Adaptive type Physical Store price 450 | 260 Crafting + 270 Ratings Damage 2 Toughness 3 Control 1 Mobility 1 Utility 1 Style Difficulty Champion Spotlight Garen Champion Spotlight Garen is a champion in League of Legends . [1] Gameplay • Cosmetics • Audio • Development • Patch History • History • Trivia Base statistics Garen Edit Health 690 +98 Resource N/A Health regen. (per 5s) 8 +0.5 Resource regen. N/A Armor 38 +4.2 Attack damage 69 +4.5 Magic resist. 32 +1.55 Crit. damage 175% Move. speed 340 Attack range 175 Attack speed Base AS 0.625 Attack windup 18% (mod. 0.5) AS ratio N/A Bonus AS +3.65 % Unit radius Gameplay radius 65 Selection radius 75 Pathing radius 35 Acq. radius 600 Special statistics ARAM Nexus Blitz One For All URF Ult Spellbook Arena Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received -5% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt -5% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +10% Damage Received -10% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Abilities [ ] Edit Perseverance Perseverance Innate: Garen regenerates 「 1. 5 % − 10. 1 % (based on level) of his maximum health every 5 seconds. 」 「 0. 15 % − 1. 01 % (based on level) of his maximum health every 0. 5 seconds. 」 Perseverance is lost for 8 seconds if Garen takes damage from epic monsters , turrets , or champions , or if he is hit by an enemy ability or affected by an enemy summoner spell , refreshing on subsequent damage and hits taken from them. Hide Details Info Targeting input Passive Perseverance does not go on nor refresh its cooldown from damage which was fully prevented by a shield or invulnerability . Edit Decisive Strike Decisive Strike COOLDOWN : 8 CAST TIME: none Active: Garen cleanses himself of all slows and gains 35% bonus movement speed for a few seconds. Movement Speed Duration: 1 / 1. 65 / 2. 3 / 2. 95 / 3. 6 Additionally, Garen empowers his next basic attack within 4. 5 seconds to have an uncancellable windup , lunge at the target, deal bonus physical damage , and silence the target for 1. 5 seconds. Bonus Physical Damage: 30 / 60 / 90 / 120 / 150 (+ 50% AD) Decisive Strike resets Garen's basic attack timer. Hide Details Info Targeting input Auto Damage type Type Sub-type Spell damage Physical Counters Spell shield Parries Knockdown See Notes Blocked Not Interrupted The enhanced attack will apply other on-hit effects and can critically strike as normal (the bonus damage does not). The bonus damage will also apply life steal . The bonus damage is applied to structures . Decisive Strike locks Garen out of using basic attacks for a short period of time. This is shortened with attack speed . The enhanced attack will still complete and hit the target even if they become untargetable during the attack's windup . Decisive Strike will not prevent the reapplication of slows (e.g. the persistent slow from Pillar of Ice will be immediately reapplied after removal if Garen is still within its area of effect ). Spell shield will only negate the silence . Decisive Strike's lunge can pass very thin terrain and will otherwise not be able to. In any case, Garen will still hit his target. Edit Courage Courage COOLDOWN : 23 / 21 / 19 / 17 / 15 CAST TIME: none Passive: Whenever Garen kills an enemy, he generates a stack of Courage , stacking up to 150 times. Courage: For each stack, Garen gains 0. 2 bonus armor and 0. 2 bonus magic resistance , up to a maximum of 30 bonus resistances each. After reaching maximum stacks, Garen gains 10% bonus armor and 10% bonus magic resistance . Active: Garen reduces incoming damage by 30% for 4 seconds. For the first 0. 75 seconds, Garen additionally grants himself a shield and 60% tenacity . Shield Strength: 65 / 85 / 105 / 125 / 145 (+ 18% bonus health) Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Auto Courage's bonus resistances are only gained when it is ranked up at least once, but Courage's passive is retroactive for units killed before it was learned. Courage's bonus resistances can be obtained by any of Garen's damage sources (basic attacks, abilities, summoner spells, runes, item actives). This does not include last hits transferred to Garen artificially. The kills on these enemy unit types count towards Courage's bonus resistances: Champions (Only kills , Assists don't grant the bonus resistances) All minions and monsters Champion summoned units (e.g. Noxious Trap , Powder Keg , Dark Procession ) All pets and clones . The bonus is equal for all these units; Large units do not grant a larger bonus. The kills on these enemy unit types do not count towards Courage's bonus resistances: Wards . Turrets (including Sun Disk ) and other structures Jungle plants . Units destroyed by 'trampling' such as Zyra's seeds , Zac's goo or Rek'Sai's tunnels . Courage will only grant bonus resistances from units killed by Garen himself. Eye of the Herald does not count. The Tenacity increase stacks additively with the tenacity reduction from Brittle , but multiplicatively with other sources. Map-Specific Differences Howling Abyss differences edit Bonus resistances on-kill changed to 0. 5 . Number of enemy kills needed to reach the maximum amount changed to 60. Arena differences edit New Effect: Gains 18. 75 Courage stacks per round. Edit Judgment Judgment COOLDOWN : 9 CAST TIME: none EFFECT RADIUS: 325 Active: Garen rapidly spins his sword around himself 7 (+ 1 per 25% bonus attack speed ) times over 3 seconds, becoming ghosted and unable to basic attack and dealing physical damage to nearby enemies periodically. Judgment can be recast after 1 second for its duration, and does so automatically after it ends. Physical Damage Per Spin: 4 / 8 / 12 / 16 / 20 (+ 0 − 8. 2 (based on level) ) (+ 36 / 37 / 38 / 39 / 40% AD) Enemy champions hit 6 times by Judgment are inflicted with 25% armor reduction for 6 seconds, with the duration refreshing upon the 7th hit and every 6th hit thereafter. Judgment deals 25% increased damage against the nearest enemy hit. Increased Damage Per Spin: 5 / 10 / 15 / 20 / 25 (+ 0 − 10. 25 (based on level) ) (+ 45 / 46. 25 / 47. 5 / 48. 75 / 50% AD) Recast: Garen ends Judgment prematurely, reducing its cooldown by its remaining duration. Judgment can critically strike for (75% + 40% ) bonus physical damage . Additionally, Judgment deals 150% damage against monsters . Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Auto Damage type Type Sub-type AOE DOT damage Physical The initial casts count as an ability activation for the purposes of on-cast effects such as Spellblade and triggering Force Pulse's passive. Deactivating the ability manually does not. Each spin triggers a stack of Conqueror . For the purpose of moving closer to an enemy when right clicking them, Judgment also reduces Garen's attack range 「 to 100 」 「 by 75 」 for the duration. Judgment cancels Garen's last movement command upon ending. Each spin deals damage simultaneously to all enemies within its range when the spin is completed. The spin animation is capped at once per 0. 2 seconds, but the amount of ticks will keep on scaling. The armor reduction stacks multiplicatively with other percentage armor penetration effects. Attacking Disabled Abilities Decisive Strike and Courage are usable. Demacian Justice interrupts. Movement Allowed Items Usable All items are usable Disabled N/A Interrupted by N/A Consumables Usable Spells Usable Barrier Clarity Cleanse Exhaust Ghost Heal Ignite Smite Flash Teleport Hexflash Disabled Recall Interrupted by N/A Interrupted by Death Map-Specific Differences Ultra Rapid Fire differences edit Cannot spin more than once from multiple casts. Edit Demacian Justice Demacian Justice COOLDOWN: 120 / 100 / 80 CAST TIME: 0. 435 TARGET RANGE: 400 Active: Garen calls upon the might of Demacia onto the target enemy champion , dealing them true damage as well as revealing them for 1 second at the start of the cast time. True Damage: 150 / 300 / 450 (+ 25 / 30 / 35% of target's missing health) Link ▶️ "For the cause!" Hide Details Info Targeting input Unit Target out-of-range override Walk in range of the target Damage type Type Sub-type Minion Aggro Spell damage True Drawn Counters Spell shield Blocked The target will die if they're at least under 20 / 23. 08 / 25. 93 % maximum health + 120 / 230. 77 / 333. 33 flat health on top of that. This does not count effects that mitigate true damage , such as shields . If the target becomes untargetable , dies , or is too far away or no longer in sight during the cast time, this ability will cancel but does not go on cooldown nor pay its cost (if applicable). Champion skins [ ] This article section only contains champion skins. For all associated collection items, see Garen (Collection) . Original View in 3D 260 27.04.2010 A proud and noble warrior, Garen fights as one of the Dauntless Vanguard. He is popular among his fellows, and respected well enough by his enemies—not least as a scion of the prestigious Crownguard family, entrusted with defending Demacia and its ideals. Clad in magic-resistant armor and bearing a mighty broadsword, Garen stands ready to confront mages and sorcerers on the field of battle, in a veritable whirlwind of righteous steel. Jamieson Price Alex 'alexplank' Flores Loot eligible Chromas Original Garen Chromas Garnet Ivory Plum Sanguine View in 3D 520 27.04.2010 Jamieson Price Unknown artist Legacy Loot eligible Legacy Desert Trooper View in 3D 520 27.04.2010 Jamieson Price Unknown artist Legacy Loot eligible Legacy Commando View in 3D 520 08.09.2010 Most commandos excel at amphibious attacks and military paragliding. This one spins very fast toward things while holding a giant sword. It's basically the same. Jamieson Price Zhang Ji Commando Loot eligible Dreadknight View in 3D 975 18.01.2011 Once a valiant hero, Dreadknight Garen fell to the promise of power great enough to save his land. Now, twisted by the corrupting magic of his Master, he commands the frozen legions in their march upon the living. Only desolation remains in his wake. Jamieson Price Unknown artist Dreadknights Loot eligible Rugged View in 3D 750 15.08.2011 Also known as “Handsome Garen,” this wandering warrior and extremely original NPC was created by Braum for his Riftquest game. Garen eventually adopted the character as his own, liking the fantasy of himself, but rugged. Jamieson Price Mingchen Shen, West Studio Rift Quest Loot eligible Steel Legion View in 3D 1350 01.02.2013 Garen is a steam-powered knight serving at the head of the Steel Legion's vanguard, feared by his enemies and respected by his allies in equal measure. His blade is one of a kind: a thaumaturgical innovation of science and magic, overflowing with sparking plasma. Jamieson Price Christian Fell Steel Legion Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Rogue Admiral View in 3D 750 22.07.2015 A faded bounty poster from the Demacian naval authorities notes that Admiral Garen is a deadly adversary, and should be engaged with caution, lest he cut off your head and send it back to the capital. Each year, the Demacian naval authorities receive a disconcerting number of human heads. Jamieson Price Sixmorevodka Studio Bilgewater: Burning Tides Loot eligible Warring Kingdoms View in 3D 1350 19.01.2017 Brave guardian of Azir's ancient fortress, Garen is a mighty warrior who charges fearlessly into even the most hopeless battles. He fights for the glory of his ruler and the safety of his people, a powerful, if headstrong, force for justice. Jamieson Price Jojo So Lunar Revel: Warring Kingdoms Loot eligible Legacy New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Warring Kingdoms Garen Chromas Golden God-King View in 3D 1820 27.06.2018 God-King Garen stands as the last scion of an ancient divinity, and the final bulwark against the end of all civilization. He rules the vast kingdom of Demacia with an iron fist, jealously protecting his people as a self-styled messiah, while rooting out and destroying all who would oppose him. Mick Lauer Pan Chengwei Battle of the God-Kings Loot eligible New voiceover New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Demacia Vice View in 3D 1350 18.07.2019 As chrome eagles cry and steel panthers growl, lightning hot justice is delivered nightly by Detective Garen Stryker on the neon-drenched streets. A black belt in Ionian martial arts, this katana wielding cop pushes it to the limit with every case... for Demacia! Jamieson Price Zeen Chin Demacia Vice Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Demacia Vice Garen Chromas Amethyst Catseye Neon Noir Obsidian Pearl Ruby Sapphire Mecha Kingdoms View in 3D 1350 15.01.2020 Once a ruthless warlord, Garen led his armies to victory after victory, laying the foundations for the Vercentia Kingdom. When the leviathans appeared out of nowhere, he opted to put aside his dream of uniting all the Great Kingdoms under his rule, and instead to march his newly-fashioned Avalon alongside his former enemies for the sake of humanity. Jamieson Price Clare Wong, West Studio Mecha Kingdoms Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Prestige Mecha Kingdoms View in 3D Special 15.01.2020 Having been elected the leader of the United Great Kingdoms, Garen will stop at nothing until the safety of his people is ensured. Armed with an Avalon upgraded to the teeth, he stands at the forefront of the mightiest warriors from across the land, determined to lead them into battle until the leviathans are no more. Jamieson Price Sanhua Chen, Kudos Productions Mecha Kingdoms Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall This skin is a variant of Mecha Kingdoms . Store variants are discounted for multiple purchases. Battle Academia View in 3D 1350 18.03.2021 'Brother' to Lux, Garen is the only biological child of his family, but was neglected from an early age as his parents spent all their time developing the god-weapon fragment that would one day become their daughter. As he vented his anger in increasingly delinquent ways, Labrys sought him out for enrollment, where he eventually joined the Battle Club. Jamieson Price Ina Wong, West Studio Battle Academia Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Battle Academia Garen Chromas Citrine Emerald Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sandstone Sapphire Turquoise Mythmaker View in 3D 1350 12.01.2023 As the town's leader in “The Great Beast Galio”, Garen's chief concern is the safety of his people in the face of a fierce enemy. When the story is thrown off, however, Irelia convinces him to help by showing Garen that Galio can be reasoned with, perhaps even stopped entirely if they make a friend out of a foe. Jamieson Price Silvia Meiliani, Caravan Studio Mythmaker Loot eligible Legacy New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Mythmaker Garen Chromas Amethyst Catseye Emerald Gilded Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Patch history [ ] For the expanded patch notes, see here Trivia [ ] Garen, the Might of Demacia Garen was featured in the Summoner's Rift Battle Training tutorial before its revamp. His dance is a reference to Bye Bye Bye by NSYNC . A side-by-side comparison can be seen here. He used to share this dance with Tryndamere before they both got reworked . Wukong's abilities might have been based on Garen's kit. ( Decisive Strike / Crushing Blow , Judgment / Cyclone ) Garen was the first to have his Influence Point price reduced twice, others being Miss Fortune and Warwick . The original icon of Perseverance features a silhouette of Garen's pose from his first Original splash art . In the now-removed official League of Legends forums , the original icon of Perseverance was used to represent the " Public Beta Environment " section. Garen, the Might of Demacia Garen Գարեն is an Armenian name, shortened from Old Armenian Գարեգին Garegin ; Adjarian interprets this name as " highly valued ", though phonological problems exist . Interestingly, Garen's and Lux's parents both bear Pre-Greek names: Pieter < Πέτρος "stone" & Augatha < Ᾰ̓γᾰθή "good, fit, noble". [2] Garen is one of 20 champions without a single ability power ratio on any ability: Aatrox , Camille , Darius , Dr. Mundo , Draven , Kayn , Kled , Naafiri , Nilah , Olaf , Pyke , Riven , Samira , Sett , Talon , Urgot , Xayah , Yone , and Zed . Garen - Lux is one of seven pairs of sibling champions (the others being Cassiopeia - Katarina , Kayle - Morgana , Nasus - Renekton , Yasuo - Yone , Darius - Draven , and Vi - Jinx ). Though not a pair, Anivia , Ornn , and Volibear are also siblings. Garen's dance references Johnny Bravo's dance . A side-by-side comparison can be seen here. Contrary to popular belief, Garen yells "Demacia!" when using Courage and not during Judgment or Demacian Justice . Players using these abilities simultaneously led to this confusion. The bright and shimmery tonality on Garen's Demacian Justice came from a closely mic'd tuning fork and a finger cymbal hitting a broadsword. [3] "Spin To Win!" comes from how easily it was for Garen to get kills while using it. It earned meme status when animated with Ievan Polkka by Loituma playing in the background. When using Judgment Garen earns a cosmetic buff that reads "Garen is spinning to win" . The phrase is now associated to every spinning ability (e.g. Counter Strike , Death Lotus , Powerball , Spinning Slash , and Cyclone ) Garen, Zed , Sona , and Vi were 'targeted' by Deadeye . This is not canon, so much as a teaser for the general theme of Jhin , as Zed is the only character with any connection. After Garen was shot , his champion icon on his League of Legends website page and champion list were updated to a gif with what seems to be shards of some sort floating out. See also [ ] League of Legends Wiki | Champions Cancelled Champions Ao Shin Avasha Averdrian CeeCee Cyborg Cowboy Eagle Rider Gavid Husk Iron Engineer Ivan Omen Priscilla Rob Blackblade Seth Tabu Tiki Urf Well References [ ] ↑ Garen's profile page at LeagueOfLegends.com ↑ Beekes, R.S.P. Etymological Dictionary of Greek , pp. 1182, 7. ↑ The Stories Behind League's Sfx