Gold is the in-game currency of League of Legends . It is used to buy items in the shop that provide champions with bonus stats and abilities, which in turn is one of the main ways for champions to increase their power over the course of a game. At the beginning of the game, champions are given starting gold based on the map being played on, and can receive more gold through various means. Contents 1 Starting Gold 2 Base gold generation 3 Increasing passive gold gain 3.1 Items 4 Increasing active gold gain 4.1 Items 4.2 Champion abilities 4.3 Runes 4.4 Killing units 4.4.1 Minions, monsters, and pets 4.4.2 Champions 4.4.3 Structures 4.4.4 Wards 5 Selling Items 6 Trivia 7 See also 8 References Starting Gold [ ] Summoner's Rift : Champions start with 500 . Howling Abyss : Champions start with 1400 . Base gold generation [ ] Every champion passively generates gold at a rate that varies from map to map. Summoner's Rift : 20. 4 per 10 seconds; starts at 1:50. Howling Abyss : 55 per 10 seconds; starts at 1:00. Increasing passive gold gain [ ] Champions can earn gold passively, without requiring direct action from the player. It is typically quantified in terms of the amount of gold gained over 10 seconds ("gold per 10" for short). Passive gold gain does not activate until minions spawn, and can be increased by gold-generating items. Items [ ] The following gold income items will passively generate gold every 10 seconds, only one of them may be carried at a time. This table is automatically generated based on the data from Module:ItemData/data . Item Cost Amount Availability Bloodsong Bloodsong 400 5 Classic Summoner's Rift 5v5 Bounty of Worlds Bounty of Worlds 400 5 Classic Summoner's Rift 5v5 Celestial Opposition Celestial Opposition 400 5 Classic Summoner's Rift 5v5 Dream Maker Dream Maker 400 5 Classic Summoner's Rift 5v5 Runic Compass Runic Compass 400 5 Classic Summoner's Rift 5v5 Solstice Sleigh Solstice Sleigh 400 5 Classic Summoner's Rift 5v5 World Atlas World Atlas 400 3 Classic Summoner's Rift 5v5 Zaz'Zak's Realmspike Zaz'Zak's Realmspike 400 5 Classic Summoner's Rift 5v5 Increasing active gold gain [ ] Champions can also gain gold by doing certain actions.
Gold that is earned through direct action from the player is considered active gold gain. It can be increased by items . Items [ ] Cull Gustwalker Hatchling / Mosstomper Seedling / Scorchclaw Pup Runic Compass Stormsurge The Collector World Atlas Champion abilities [ ] Akshan's Going Rogue Draven's League of Draven Gangplank's Parrrley Illaoi's Test of Spirit (from killing Spirits ) Pyke's Death from Below Senna's Absolution Skarner's Crystal Spires Twisted Fate's Loaded Dice Viego's Sovereign's Domination (from possessing Mist Wraiths) Runes [ ] Biscuit Delivery First Strike Future's Market Treasure Hunter Triumph Killing units [ ] Minions, monsters, and pets [ ] Gold can be earned by dealing the killing blow ("last hit") to enemy minions and neutral monsters . The gold earned from minion kills is dependent on the game time . As the game progresses, each minion is worth more. Unlike experience, the gold earned from neutral monsters does not change over time, regardless of when the monsters were spawned. The sole exception to this is the Rift Scuttler , whose gold increases linearly with camp level. Pets and summons such as Annie's Tibbers , Malzahar's Voidling , Shaco's Jack in the Box , and Zyra's Plants grant gold to the champion who kills them. Certain epic monsters give gold globally, providing gold for the entire team. The champion who lands the killing blow receives additional gold. Champions [ ] Main article: Kill Gold can be earned by killing or assisting in killing enemy champions. The gold gain is determined by how many kills the slain champion has recently accumulated (champions that have killed many enemies without dying are worth more gold). Structures [ ] Destroying a turret grants varying amounts of gold. Destroying an inhibitor or nexus grants the player 50 , but the latter is irrelevant as it also causes the game to end. Wards [ ] Destroying a ward / trap grants varying amounts of gold. Selling Items [ ] All items can be sold back at the shop for 70% of their total cost . The exceptions to this rule are returning only 40% of their original cost : Gold generating items: Cull Consumable items: Potions: Vision: Elixirs: Starting items: Doran's items: Dark Seal Guardian Angel Total Biscuit of Everlasting Will sells for 5 . When you undo an item purchase, you are refunded the full cost. Gold generation items also return any gold they generated. Trivia [ ] Most gold possible from a single teamfight : 5750 (abilities and items that increase gold income excluded) Requires 1 champion getting 5 shutdowns against enemies with maximum shutdown ( 1000 each), and at least 1 ally assisting the 5 kills ( 150 per assist). The maximum gold allowed for a shutdown is 700 on top of the 300 base kill gold. On Twisted Treeline champions started the game with 850 , and passively generated 16 per 10 seconds. When someone on your team seized an altar 80 was globally earned for each member of the team. On Crystal Scar champions started the game with 1300 while playing Ascension and 1400 while playing Definitely Not Dominion , and passively generated 56 per 10 seconds, starting at 1:30. When a player neutralized a point, they would gain 100 , and 100 for capturing a point. This number is dependent on the number of champions involved in the capture of a point: two champions will each gain 75 , and three champions will each gain 63 . See also [ ] Gold efficiency Gold income Gameplay Elements Targeting Types Auto ( Passive · Self ) · Direction · Location · Unit · Proximity · Vector ( Collision · Radius ) Unit types Champion · Minion · Monster · Pets · Structures ( Turret · Inhibitor · Nexus ) Effect types Ability effects · Attack effects ( On-hit ) · Area of effect · Damage over time · Heal · Multi-hit · Redirected damage · Shield · Single-targeted Ability types Attached · Aura · Blink · Buff · Channel · Combat status · Crowd control · Damage ( Ability · Basic · Magic · Physical · True · Nexus Obelisk · Execution ) · Dash · Debuff · Invulnerability · Pet · Projectile · Sight · Spell shield · Stealth · Tether · Untargetability · Ward References [ ]