Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Gragas View in 3D 790 / 02-Feb-2010 Hillbilly Gragas View in 3D 520 / 01-Aug-2010 Gragas, Esq. View in 3D 975 / 12-Apr-2011 Oktoberfest Gragas View in 3D 975 / 21-Sep-2012 Gragas Caskbreaker View in 3D 750 / 07-Dec-2015 Arctic Ops Gragas View in 3D 1350 / 25-Jan-2018 Warden Gragas View in 3D 1350 / 07-Jan-2021 Space Groove Gragas View in 3D 1350 / 17-Nov-2022 Space Groove Gragas Chromas Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Warden Gragas Chromas Amethyst Citrine Pearl Peridot Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Legacy Vault Scuba Gragas View in 3D 975 / 03-May-2010 Santa Gragas View in 3D 975 / 14-Dec-2010 Vandal Gragas View in 3D 975 / 02-Mar-2012 Superfan Gragas View in 3D 750 / 18-Jun-2014 Fnatic Gragas View in 3D 750 / 24-Sep-2014 Screenshots [ ] Vandal Gragas Oktoberfest Gragas Superfan Gragas Fnatic Gragas Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Bottoms Up! Happy Hours (P) drank Cask Cracker Champions hit by max damage Barrel Rolls (Q) Catastrophic Casks Champions knocked towards self or team with Explosive Cask (R) Belly Bop Champions hit with Body Slam (E) immediately after Gragas Flashes (D/F) Cheers! Multiple champions shoved with Explosive Cask (R) One Too Many Champion damage mitigated with Drunken Rage (W) Trivia [ ] Original Gragas The scene depicts him having body slammed a pub table in a bar fight. Scuba Gragas This skin shares the Day Job theme with: Almost-Prom King Amumu Boom Boom Blitzcrank Corporate Mundo Fisherman Fizz French Maid Nidalee ...and others Jurassic Cho'Gath Matador Alistar Prestigious LeBlanc Primetime Draven Prom Queen Annie Urf's spatula can be seen in the background. Hillbilly Gragas This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Iron Solari Leona ...and others Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Leopard Nidalee Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali He references the eponymous stereotype . Santa Gragas This skin shares the Snowdown Showdown theme with: Candy Cane Miss Fortune Festive Maokai Happy Elf Teemo Mistletoe LeBlanc Nutcracko ...and others Re-Gifted Amumu Santa Braum Santa Draven Snow Bunny Nidalee Workshop Nunu & Willump He was released in celebration of Snowdown Showdown 2010 along with: Re-Gifted Amumu Reindeer Kog'Maw Candy Cane Miss Fortune Ragdoll Poppy Nutcracko Silent Night Sona He references Santa Claus . In the splash art, a mistletoe hanging from a stick between him and his barrel-turned-sack may be referencing his love for drinking, or in the skin's context, candy canes. Gragas, Esq. This skin shares the Crime City theme with: Crime City Braum Crime City Graves Crime City Jinx Crime City Miss Fortune Crime City Twitch Knockout Lee Sin He references the eponymous courtesy title given to high-class people. His bottle reads 'Responsibly' (as in drink responsibly) alluding to his high social status. Vandal Gragas This skin shares the Vandal theme with: Hired Gun Graves Vandal Brand Vandal Jax Vandal Twitch Vandal Vladimir Oktoberfest Gragas This skin shares the Wonders of the World theme with: Bear Cavalry Sejuani Dynasty Ahri Masked Shaco Outback Renekton Panda Teemo ...and others Sultan Tryndamere Uncle Ryze Viking Tryndamere Vizier Malzahar Winged Hussar Xin Zhao In-game his cask reads ' Rengarbräu ' ( bräu is German for 'brew') Ashe , Gangplank , and Olaf can be seen in the background. Teemo's hand can be seen in the foreground. The deer head mounted on the wall is the same from Classic but with a hat on. Fnatic Gragas This skin shares the World Champions: 2011 theme with: Fnatic Corki Fnatic Janna Fnatic Jarvan IV Fnatic Karthus He was released in celebration of Fnatic winning the Season One World Championship along with: Fnatic Corki Fnatic Janna Fnatic Jarvan IV Fnatic Karthus He represents Shushei . His cask is shaped like the Summoner's Cup . Superfan Gragas This skin shares the Soccer Cup theme with: All-star Akali Goalkeeper Blitzcrank Goalkeeper Maokai Playmaker Lee Sin Red Card Katarina ...and others Red Card Twisted Fate Striker Ezreal Striker Lucian Sweeper Alistar Sweeper Rammus He was released in celebration of the 2014 FIFA World Cup along with: Sweeper Alistar Striker Lucian Goalkeeper Maokai Red Card Twisted Fate He is a soccer fan . Gragas Caskbreaker This skin shares the Rift Quest theme with: Bard Bard Braum Lionheart Demolisher Nunu & Willump Lord Darius Rageborn Mundo ...and others Rugged Garen Ryze Whitebeard Sejuani Dawnchaser Twitch Shadowfoot Varus Swiftbolt He was released along with: Braum Lionheart Ryze Whitebeard Varus Swiftbolt He references a traditional tabletop role-playing game . He was inspired by Solaire of Astora from Dark Souls . He resembles Bombur from The Hobbit . He wears the Giant's Belt around his stomach along with a Health Potion and an Amplifying Tome . Rejected names for this skin include 'Gragas the Wanderer', 'Cleric Gragas' and 'Gragas Stoutbrew'. [1] Arctic Ops Gragas This skin shares the Arctic Ops theme with: Arctic Ops Kennen Arctic Ops Varus Arctic Warfare Caitlyn Northern Front Swain Northern Storm Volibear Arctic Ops Varus and Arctic Warfare Caitlyn can be seen in the background. Warden Gragas Chromas: Amethyst,  Citrine,  Pearl,  Peridot,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the Warden theme with: Warden Jax Warden Karma Warden Nautilus Warden Quinn Warden Sivir Space Groove Gragas Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rainbow,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Space Groove theme with: Prestige Space Groove Lulu Space Groove Blitz & Crank Space Groove Gwen Space Groove Lissandra Space Groove Lulu ...and others Space Groove Lux Space Groove Nasus Space Groove Nunu & Willump Space Groove Samira Space Groove Teemo References [ ] ↑ /DEV: ON NAMING SKINS