Grievous Wounds is a debuff that reduces all of a unit's healing and health regeneration received by 40%. Contents 1 Sources 1.1 Champion abilities 1.2 Items 1.3 Summoner Spells 2 Notes 3 Strategy 4 Trivia 5 Patch History Sources [ ] Champion abilities [ ] Katarina's Death Lotus Kled's Bear Trap on a Rope Singed's Poison Trail while under the effects of Insanity Potion Varus' Hail of Arrows Items [ ] Bramble Vest Chempunk Chainsword Executioner's Calling Morellonomicon Mortal Reminder Oblivion Orb Thornmail Summoner Spells [ ] Ignite Notes [ ] Shields are a way of temporarily adding health to a champion that is not reduced by Grievous Wounds . A unit afflicted by Grievous Wounds has the icon to the right of them. Grievous Wounds does not stack ; the duration of the debuff will overlap on separate effects and refresh on the same effect. Type Heal and Shield Power Spirit Visage Revitalize * Grievous Wounds Serpent's Fang Health regeneration Life steal Omnivamp Physical vamp Spell vamp Drain effects Self heals Self shields Incoming heals Incoming shields Outgoing heals Outgoing shields Bonus health Strategy [ ] Grievous Wounds is generally used to limit or minimize the healing , omnivamp , or life steal of one enemy champion ability such as Darius' Decimate , Renekton's Cull the Meek or Sylas' Kingslayer . It can also weaken burst healing champions such as Aatrox , Dr. Mundo , Fiora , Swain , Trundle , Vladimir , Warwick , or Zac . Grievous Wounds isn't only useful against champions with in-built sustain. Some can build viable items or take runes that give them sustain, such as Ravenous Hydra , Bloodthirster , Conqueror , or Legend: Bloodline . Grievous Wounds is also useful against them. This is important to notice especially in situations where technically there are no champions with natural sustain on the enemy team, but they may own or have sources of bonus effects that would grant them sustain. On the other hand, some champions only have sustain when out of combat. This includes Garen , Tahm Kench , and champions that build Warmog's Armor . Grievous Wounds is not effective against those champions (as the debuff usually doesn't last long enough for it to have effect on them); the most effective way to prevent them from healing is to force them to stay in combat. It is important to note that Grievous Wounds also affects healing from outside sources instead of just self-healing. This is especially important against Soraka , which can use Astral Infusion to out-sustain her enemies, even if her allies don't have sustain themselves. Grievous Wounds is dispelled by Sion's Glory in Death , resurrection effects, and death . Trivia [ ] Enhanced Standard Singed's Poison Trail during Insanity Potion and Varus' Hail of Arrows are the only abilities that can apply Grievous Wounds to non-champions. Kled's Bear Trap on a Rope can apply Grievous Wounds to large monsters. Grievous Wounds had different indicators between its standard and enhanced application. Patch History [ ] V13.7 New Effect: All sources of the effect that are dependent on damage dealt now apply it even if the damage was completely mitigated by a shield. V13.3 Removed: Enhanced effect. All sources of the effect now apply it at 40% effectiveness. V13.1b Standard effect for items increased to 40% from 25%. Removed: Enhanced effect for items at 40%. V12.12 Soraka's Wish no longer clears Grievous Wounds. V12.11 Standard effect reduced to 25% from 30%. Enhanced effect reduced to 40% from 50%. V12.10 Standard effect reduced to 30% from 40%. Enhanced effect reduced to 50% from 60%. V11.18 New source of Grievous Wounds: Singed's Insanity Potion Grievous Wounds can now be cleared with: Soraka's Wish V10.23 New sources of Grievous Wounds: Chempunk Chainsword Chemtech Putrifier Oblivion Orb Can now also apply a 60% healing debuff on: Morellonomicon Mortal Reminder Thornmail Ignite V9.14 Death Lotus healing debuff increased to 60% from 40%. Bear Trap on a Rope healing debuff increased to 60% from 40%. V6.9 Now affects healing from all sources instead of self-healing. V5.22 Now only affects self-healing from healing from all sources. Healing reduction reduced to 40% from 50%. Gameplay Elements Targeting Types Auto ( Passive · Self ) · Direction · Location · Unit · Proximity · Vector ( Collision · Radius ) Unit types Champion · Minion · Monster · Pets · Structures ( Turret · Inhibitor · Nexus ) Effect types Ability effects · Attack effects ( On-hit ) · Area of effect · Damage over time · Heal · Multi-hit · Redirected damage · Shield · Single-targeted Ability types Attached · Aura · Blink · Buff · Channel · Combat status · Crowd control · Damage ( Ability · Basic · Magic · Physical · True · Nexus Obelisk · Execution ) · Dash · Debuff · Invulnerability · Pet · Projectile · Sight · Spell shield · Stealth · Tether · Untargetability · Ward