For the Legends of Runeterra card, see 1 Health Potion (Legends of Runeterra) . Health Potion edit Consume Restores 4 health every 0. 5 seconds over 15 seconds, restoring a total of 120 health . Limitations Limited to 1 type of Potion . Limited to 5 at a time. Recipe Cost Sell ID 50 20 2003 Availability SR 5v5 HA ARAM Nexus Blitz Menu Health & Regeneration Keywords red Health Potion is a consumable item in League of Legends . Similar items Corrupting Potion Refillable Potion Total Biscuit of Everlasting Will Notes Health Potions cannot be consumed while at full health. Multiple Health Potions can be consumed even while one is already active. This will cause subsequent Health Potions to be consumed after the previous potion is fully consumed. There is no limit to how many Health Potions can be set in queue. These Health Potions set in queue will be consumed even if the user is at full health. Strategy It is a very useful item for nearly every champion early game due to its affordability but loses its effectiveness as champions' levels increase. The maximum health will be too substantial for it to be significant and any damage received would be too great. When using either Doran's Shield or Second Wind it is beneficial to wait to consume Health Potions as the effects of both of these become increasingly more powerful as the user's current health decreases. Just be sure to use them once you are too low to hold off any longer. The health restored by using a single Health Potion takes 15 seconds to finish. Be sure to use them early when you are intending to all in your enemy, otherwise, you may not be able to receive the maximum healing. This also lowers the effectiveness of enemy damage increases that are based on your missing health. Compared to the Refillable Potion , for the same price of 150 , consuming three Health Potions can restore a total of 360 health one time, making them more effective for a single trip. However, the two charges of the refillable restore up to 200 health every trip to the shop for no additional cost. Finally, note that the two do not stack due to the Potion item limitation; buying a refillable will prevent the player from buying normal potions. When having trouble sustaining in lane, consider purchasing either Doran's Shield or Refillable Potion rather than additional Health Potions past the start of the game. Old icons 1st version 2nd version Trivia During seasonal events, the Health Potion has been replaced by seasonal items with the same effect, but different names/pictures. The Eggnog Health Potion was a seasonal item that replaced the Health Potion during the 2009, 2010, and 2011 Snowdown Showdown celebrations. The Candy Corn was a seasonal item that replaced the Health Potion during the 2010 and 2011 Harrowing events. The Phoenix Bun was another seasonal item that replaced the Health Potion during the Lunar Revel celebration. According to Taric , the potion has a smooth consistency. Star Guardian Ahri and Ornn find the flavor to come in Strawberry or Cherry. It is possible that other red fruit flavors are made. Prior to Season Three , it used to be highly recommended to buy multiple Health Potions when jungling as it provided increased early-game survivability. The % health gain from jungling items reduced their utility. Media Item VFX Sound Effects Consumed Link ▶️ Active SFX Effect Active Link ▶️ Active SFX 