A champion's health being healed. Contents 1 Healing 1.1 Ally and/or User-targeted 1.2 Ally Only 1.3 User only 1.4 Ally, Enemy, and/or User-targeted 1.5 General 1.6 Map-related 2 Increasing healing strength 3 Healing reduction 4 Preventing healing altogether 5 On-heal effects 6 Notes 7 Trivia Healing is the action of replenishing a unit's current health , distinct from the other forms of health restoration ( life steal , spell vamp , omnivamp and health regeneration ). It can be weakened by healing reduction. Healing cannot increase a unit's current health over its maximum. The act of leveling up and certain champion abilities (such as Lulu's Wild Growth ) will increase a unit's current health by the same amount as the increase to their maximum health, but this is not considered a form of healing. As a result, they are not affected by healing reduction. Healing [ ] Ally and/or User-targeted [ ] Alistar's Triumphant Roar Bard's Caretaker's Shrine Fiora's Grand Challenge Janna's Monsoon Kayle's Celestial Blessing Milio's Cozy Campfire and Breath of Life Nami's Ebb and Flow Nidalee's Primal Surge Nilah's Joy Unending and Apotheosis Rakan's Gleaming Quill Senna's Piercing Darkness Seraphine's Surround Sound Sona's Aria of Perseverance Soraka's Wish Taric's Starlight's Touch Yuumi's Feline Friendship Zilean's Chronoshift Cryptbloom Mikael's Blessing Redemption Solstice Sleigh Heal Ally Only [ ] Naafiri's Eviscerate and The Call of the Pack * Soraka's Astral Infusion Yuumi's You and Me! and Final Chapter Echoes of Helia Moonstone Renewer ( Starcaster ) Font of Life User only [ ] Aatrox's Deathbringer Stance , Umbral Dash and World Ender Ahri's Essence Theft Aphelios' Severum and Moonlight Vigil with Severum as the main weapon Briar's Crimson Curse , Snack Attack and Chilling Scream Bel'Veth's True Form Camille's Tactical Sweep Cassiopeia's Twin Fang Cho'Gath's Carnivore Darius' Decimate Dr. Mundo's Goes Where He Pleases , Infected Bonesaw , and Heart Zapper Ekko's Chronobreak Elise's Spider Queen in Spider Form Evelynn's Demon Shade Fiddlesticks' Bountiful Harvest Fiora's Duelist's Dance Gangplank's Remove Scurvy Gragas' Happy Hour Gwen's Thousand Cuts Hecarim's Spirit of Dread Illaoi's Prophet of an Elder God Irelia's Bladesurge Karma's Renewal Kayn's Shadow Step Shadow Assassin's Shadow Step Rhaast's The Darkin Scythe , Shadow Step and Umbral Trespass Kha'Zix's Void Spike Lillia's Dream-Laden Bough Lissandra's Frozen Tomb Maokai's Sap Magic Master Yi's Meditate Mordekaiser's Indestructible and Realm of Death Morgana's Soul Siphon Naafiri's Darkin Daggers Nilah's Formless Blade Nocturne's Umbra Blades Nunu's Consume Olaf's Reckless Swing Pyke's Gift of the Drowned Ones Rek'Sai's Fury of the Xer'Sai Renekton's Cull the Meek Rengar's Battle Roar Sion's Glory in Death Sivir's Spell Shield Soraka's Starcall Swain's Ravenous Flock and Demonic Ascension Sylas' Kingslayer Tahm Kench's Tongue Lash and Thick Skin Talon's Noxian Diplomacy Trundle's King's Tribute , Frozen Domain and Subjugate Tryndamere's Bloodlust Udyr's Iron Mantle Viego's Sovereign's Domination and Blade of the Ruined King Vladimir's Transfusion , Sanguine Pool and Hemoplague Volibear's Frenzied Maul Warwick's Eternal Hunger , Jaws of the Beast and Infinite Duress Xin Zhao's Determination Yorick's Last Rites Zac's Cell Division Catalyst of Aeons Death's Dance Doran's Ring Guardian Angel Gustwalker Hatchling / Mosstomper Seedling / Scorchclaw Pup Knight's Vow Phage Rod of Ages Sundered Sky Unending Despair Conqueror Fleet Footwork Triumph Taste of Blood Grasp of the Undying Ocean Dragon Soul Oceanic Will Ally, Enemy, and/or User-targeted [ ] Kindred's Lamb's Respite General [ ] Leveling up will restore some maximum health, and some current health. Actual health regained is lower depending on how wounded the champion is upon leveling up. Map-related [ ] On Summoner's Rift standing on the summoning platform restores health each second. Picking a Health Relic on the Howling Abyss . Increasing healing strength [ ] Aatrox's World Ender Briar's Crimson Curse Nilah's Joy Unending Trundle's Frozen Domain Ardent Censer Forbidden Idol Mikael's Blessing Moonstone Renewer Redemption Staff of Flowing Water Spirit Visage Revitalize Healing reduction [ ] Grievous Wounds is a debuff that reduces all healing received by 40%. Howling Abyss aura reduces all outsourced healing and regeneration effects by 50%. Preventing healing altogether [ ] Kindred's Lamb's Respite negates all healing effects on a unit once they've reached a certain health threshold. On-heal effects [ ] The following will trigger an effect upon healing or being healed by an ally: Lucian's Vigilance Ardent Censer Staff of Flowing Water Summon Aery Notes [ ] Grievous Wounds will have no effect on champions that enter resurrection or a zombie state as the heal following the event they take fatal damage takes place after the debuff is removed by the dispel . Sion's Glory in Death , specifically when he heals back to full, is unaffected by any form of healing modifier. Type Heal and Shield Power Spirit Visage Revitalize * Grievous Wounds Serpent's Fang Health regeneration Life steal Omnivamp Physical vamp Spell vamp Drain effects Self heals Self shields Incoming heals Incoming shields Outgoing heals Outgoing shields Bonus health Trivia [ ] Before V9.9 , Aatrox's Deathbringer Stance could inflict Mutilator against enemy champions. This would reduce any self-healing, self-shielding, incoming healing and shielding effects by 40% for the duration. In a role-play setting, healing may represent anything from attending to battle wounds to repairing damaged hardware to replenishing a magical spell that holds a construct together, but outside of its physical representation, its effect is always the same - it serves as a direct increase to a unit's current health. Healing can be viewed as the polar opposite of damage . Unlike sources of damage, however, sources of healing are uncommon and the majority cannot be used to heal others - and those that can frequently have large ulterior costs to use. Any healing in-game that restores less than 20 health is not shown as the usual +X green text, unless special cased to do so (e.g. Aphelios' Severum's passive healing or Cassiopeia's Twin Fang's healing on poisoned targets). Gameplay Elements Targeting Types Auto ( Passive · Self ) · Direction · Location · Unit · Proximity · Vector ( Collision · Radius ) Unit types Champion · Minion · Monster · Pets · Structures ( Turret · Inhibitor · Nexus ) Effect types Ability effects · Attack effects ( On-hit ) · Area of effect · Damage over time · Heal · Multi-hit · Redirected damage · Shield · Single-targeted Ability types Attached · Aura · Blink · Buff · Channel · Combat status · Crowd control · Damage ( Ability · Basic · Magic · Physical · True · Nexus Obelisk · Execution ) · Dash · Debuff · Invulnerability · Pet · Projectile · Sight · Spell shield · Stealth · Tether · Untargetability · Ward