"You belong in a museum!" This article or section may contain obsolete information, but exists here for historical purposes. This item has been removed on patch V9.1 . Heart of Targon edit Stats +60 health +50% base health regeneration + 5 per 10 seconds Passive Unique – Spoils of War : Grants a charge every 20 seconds, up to 3 charges. Melee basic attacks can consume one charge to execute minions below 240 − 920 (based on level) (+ 100% AD) health . Killing a minion by any means with a charge heals you and the nearest allied champion for 10 − 60 (based on missing health) , reduced by 50% if the user is ranged , and grants them kill gold . These effects require an allied champion within 1050 units of the user. Limitations Limited to 1 Starter item. Recipe Cost Sell ID 400 160 N/A Availability Nexus Blitz Menu Tools>Gold Income Defense>Health Defense>Health Regen Keywords Support Economy Gold Targon's Brace Relic Shield Heart of Targon was a starter item in League of Legends . It was exclusive to Nexus Blitz . Cost Analysis Gold Value 60 health = 160 50% base health regeneration = 150 Total Gold Value = 310 Gold efficiency Heart of Targon's base stats were 77. 5 % gold efficient. Without Spoils of War , the item becomes gold efficient in 3 minutes . Similar items Philosopher's Medallion Targon's Brace Notes Triggering the Spoils of War passive adds +1 to the creep score of the allied champion who receives the bonus gold. The allied champion who receives the bonus gold will still receives the gold sharing from nexus blitz, earning more gold than if they had last hit the minion themselves. The Spoils of War passive is triggered no matter what method is used to kill the minion , but the execution aspect of the ability only works with melee basic attacks . Spoils of War will trigger Ardent Censer but not Summon Aery . Assuming Heart of Targon's user kills one minion every 20 seconds, it provides at least 6. 25 health regen per 5 seconds to the user and to the lane partner, not taking into account the missing health ratio. Trivia Heart of Targon is the spiritual return of the Heart of Gold . 