Howling Abyss Titles Alias (es) Bridges of the Iceborn Sociocultural characteristics Nation (s) Freljord Establishment history Three Sisters (9000 BN - 8000 BN) Tribalism (8000 BN - Present) Rune Wars (25 BN - 3 BN) Physical characteristics General environment (s) Tundra Icecap (True Ice; Dark Ice) Continent (s) Valoran Universe (s) Runeterra Prime The Howling Abyss bridge is located in the Freljord and serves as a gateway to the Frostguard citadel. Contents 1 Lore 1.1 Related Champions 2 History 2.1 Tale of the Bridge 2.2 The Seeker's Tale 3 Locations 4 Wildlife 4.1 Poros 5 Governments 6 Trivia 7 Media 8 See also 9 References Lore Related Champions Anivia is an ancient Iceborn ally that fought against the Frozen Watchers at the battle of the Howling Abyss. Ashe is Avarosa's reincarnation and Avarosan warmother. Ezreal's first lore makes him Professor Lyte's nephew. Lissandra is the seeker for the Frozen Watchers and Frostguard warmother. Nunu was taken in by the Frostguard. Ornn dug the Howling Abyss and constructed the Bridge above it. Quinn travelled to the Frostguard citadel through the Howling Abyss bridge. Sejuani is Serylda's reincarnation and Winter's Claw warmother. Trundle serves the Frostguard. History Tale of the Bridge Link ▶️ "This is more than just a bridge, you know. Maybe it was once a simple thing of stone and mortar, but now it bears the weight of the entire Freljord on its back. "The fate of this land was decided here, ages ago, in a long and brutal battle. Just look around and listen, that noise is more than the wind - it is the cry of the vanquished, thrown howling into the abyss! "Everyone's forgotten who built this bridge and why. Everyone's forgotten the war that gave this place its scars. Everyone, but me. I was there! I saw the battle! I died here, and I never left this place! I was bound here to stand guard and sound my war horn if our enemy ever returned. "And now, now the howling grows louder, and I sense something evil stirring in the abyss, my hand reaches for my war horn. This place will soon see a battle again. One that will shape the Freljord for all time. And if the Freljord falls, so too will the rest of the world. "Yes, this is more than just a bridge." - Gregor The Seeker's Tale Link ▶️ "The Howling Abyss. A bottomless crevasse surrounded by an ancient fortress carved into a glacier. No one remembers who built this place. No one knows its purpose. No one but me. "Long before Ashe and Sejuani , before magic shattered the broken peaks, before the desert swallowed Shurima , it was the time of the Three Sisters. We were so young back then; Avarosa, Serylda, and me, Lissandra. "Back then the Frozen Watchers lived here. I do not know where they came from, but I know they were powerful. They gave us gifts, shared their magic, made us immortal. They named us 'Iceborn'. "In return, we gave them whatever they desired. This mighty fortress, a vast empire, our loyalty, these were a small price to pay. Avarosa did not see it that way. Like a spoiled child she cried out for freedom. She demanded choice. She sowed the seeds of rebellion and betrayal. "This place is where it happened. On one side, the Frozen Watchers, on the other, Avarosa and her Iceborn horde. Many Iceborn died that day, but in the end, the Watchers fell. Avarosa drove them howling into the abyss. "I never forgave her. I had my revenge... but that is another story." - Lissandra Locations Warded Gateway to The Howling Abyss Frozen Caverns Of The Howling Abyss Holding Back The Darkness Bridge of The Lost Eyes In The Abyss Hall of The Nine 1/6 Bridges of the Iceborn: There are numerous bridges spanning the abyss, such as the Bridge of Sorrows , Bridge of Shadow, and Bridge of the Lost . At its lower ends True Ice and its variants Dark Ice can be found. Spiked Barricades: At key points throughout the Howling Abyss, gigantic spiked barricades of stone and iron were set into the walls by the Frostguard, many thousands of years ago. One day, when the Watchers reawaken, these meager defenses may buy some precious time for those above to prepare for the final battle. The Hall of the Nine , located there and constructed by the Yeti , serves as the protective barrier that seals the Watchers. Every year, several Frostguard climb down its icey walls to get to the Hall of the Nine in order to inspect the barriers state. The Howling Abyss was the location of the last battle that sealed the Watchers several millennia ago. Wildlife Poros Main article: Poro Poros and the Poro King . Poros are the mysterious, magical, and most-loved creatures originating from the Howling Abyss. Poros are equal parts truth, valor, and innocence. The colour of their fur is described as “very light blue, like Freljordian snow”. They have a heart-shaped underbelly because they're made of love. A poro's horns perk up when it's excited and droop down when it's scared. Poros paddle through deep snow with their front paws. Some believe that poros are indestructible—though at one point we animated poros to keel over and twitch if they ran into the Abyss' fountains. Poros stick their tongue out because they are incredibly warm. This is why they can survive the harsh cold environment of the Howling Abyss. Poro-Snax are frosted with Freljordian ice crystals and are a favourite treat of this creature. The leader of the Poros is known as the Poro King . Governments Organizations Frostguard The Frostguard dwell hidden beneath an eternal winter, deep in the ruins of the ancient Freljord. They live among the ancient ruins to the far north, protecting their leader Lissandra as she watches over the Howling Abyss. A cult shrouded in secrecy, the Frostguard archive of all Freljords archaic history. Though seemingly peaceful, the truth of the Frostguard's allegiance is far more disturbed. The world had forgotten the terrible enemy that ruled the Freljord long ago and was cast into the depths of the Howling Abyss following a long and brutal battle. And now, whilst the ignorant sleep, Lissandra keeps the Watchers at bay and plots to rule over all of Runeterra. Even so, missionaries and healers from the cult are common throughout the Freljord. The trolls and their king, Trundle , have allied themselves with Lissandra, while Nunu temporarily lived among the Frostguard. Trivia The Bridge above the Howling Abyss was built by Ornn at the request of the Three Sisters of the Freljord. After the final battle against the Frozen Watchers, Lissandra placed a spell on the bridge that would seal the Watchers below but, ultimately, weaken the bridge that would have stood forever without her interference. This was the last time Ornn interacted with the Three Sisters. In The Eye in the Abyss story, it has been revealed that the bridge above the Howling Abyss had many names during its long history, like: the Proving Grounds, the Link ▶️ Murder Bridge, the Howling Arch, Citadel Bridge, or Bridge of Sorrows. Media Music Videos Gallery Related Music In-Game Music Lobby https://leagueoflegends.fandom.com/wiki/File:Lobby_Howling_Abyss_Music.ogg In-Queue https://leagueoflegends.fandom.com/wiki/File:In-Queue_Howling_Abyss_Music.ogg ReadyCheck https://leagueoflegends.fandom.com/wiki/File:ReadyCheck_Howling_Abyss.ogg Champion Select https://leagueoflegends.fandom.com/wiki/File:Champion_Select_Howling_Abyss_Music.ogg LoL Musics - Poro King mod soundtrack Related Videos Howling Abyss Easter Eggs, Secrets & References - League of Legends Howling Abyss Concept 1 Howling Abyss Concept 2 Howling Abyss Concept 3 Howling Abyss Concept 4 Howling Abyss Concept 5 Howling Abyss Concept 6 Howling Abyss Concept 7 Howling Abyss Concept 8 Howling Abyss Concept 9 Howling Abyss Blue (Iceborn) Base Howling Abyss Purple (Frozen Watchers) Base Howling Abyss Purple Turret Concept (by Riot Artist Maokai Xiao ) Howling Abyss Minion Fight Lyte Concept Lyte Model 1 (by Riot Artist Shawn Brack ) Lyte Model 2 (by Riot Artist Shawn Brack ) Gregor Model Poro Concept 1 Poro Concept 2 Poro Concept 3 Howling Abyss Loading Background Lissandra "The Dream Thief" Illustration (by Riot Contracted Artist Zoe Zhu ) Blue "Howling Abyss" Turret (Order) Red "Howling Abyss" Turret (Order) Purple "Howling Abyss" Turret (Order) Blue "Howling Abyss" Turret (Chaos) Red "Howling Abyss" Turret (Chaos) Purple "Howling Abyss" Turret (Chaos) Blue "Howling Abyss" Inhibitor (Order & Chaos) Red "Howling Abyss" Inhibitor (Order & Chaos) Purple "Howling Abyss" Inhibitor (Order & Chaos) Blue "Howling Abyss" Nexus (Order & Chaos) Red "Howling Abyss" Nexus (Order & Chaos) Purple "Howling Abyss" Nexus (Order & Chaos) Blue "Howling Abyss" Inhibitor Old (Order) Purple "Howling Abyss" Inhibitor Old (Chaos) Blue "Howling Abyss" Nexus Old (Order) Purple "Howling Abyss" Nexus Old (Chaos) See also Murder Bridge Butcher's Bridge Proving Grounds The Eye in the Abyss The Dream Thief References Freljord North Freljord Fortress of the Iceborn · Frost-Troll Village · Frosthorn Peak · Ghulfrost · Ice Children Village · Ornnkaal Rocks · Ramshara · Ridgeback Mountains · Quchar · Ursine Lands · Vathcaer · Yadulsk · Yeti's Vigil East Freljord Bridge of the Lost · Bridge of Sorrows · Broken Mountain · Foundling Village · Frostguard Citadel · Hall of the Nine · Hearth-Home · Howling Abyss · Mourncrow Village · Valley of Spines · Winterspike South Freljord Ironspike Mountains · Naljaäg · Rakelstake West Freljord Da'arvong · Frostheld · Glaserport · Lokfar · Rygann's Reach · Valar's Hollow Other Wyrmback Mountains Factions Avarosan · Demacia · Frostguard · Noxus · Ursine · Void · Winter's Claw Other Locations Disputed Locations Demacian Walls · Howling Marsh · Ionia City · Kaladoun · Lower Demacia · Marshes of Kaladoun · Mogron Pass · Paisfield · Plague Jungles · Urtistan · Urvash · Voodoo Lands · Westerley Alternate Universe Locations Cosmic Ruins · Crash Site · Institute of War · Magma Chamber · Proving Grounds · Substructure 43 · Summoner's Rift · Valoran City Park Game Locations Butcher's Bridge · Cosmic Ruins · Crash Site · Crystal Scar · Howling Abyss · Institute of War · Magma Chamber · Proving Grounds · Substructure 43 · Summoner's Rift · Temple of Lily and Lotus · Twisted Treeline · Valoran City Park