Hunger of the Void Edit Description Gain a stack of this buff for each Touch of the Void stack beyond the fourth (one at 5 stacks and two at 6 stacks). While in combat with enemy structures, summon 1 allied Voidmite for each stack of this buff (15 second cooldown). Summoned Voidmites will target and attack the nearest structure, applying Touch of the Void's damage over time effect. Stats Duration Permanent Source Touch of the Void Affect Team Hunger of the Void is a team-wide stacking neutral buff granted by obtaining Touch of the Void stacks. It is available only on Summoner's Rift . This buff stacks and is granted for every Touch of the Void stack obtained beyond the 4th stack, up to 2 stacks at 6 Touch of the Void stacks. Notes [ ] Trivia [ ] Summoned Voidmite [ ] Voidmite (Summoned) A minion that relentlessly pushes a lane by attacking the nearest structure. Bounty Gold Exp CS 1 0 0 Statistics Health 60% of melee minion's maximum health Attack damage 100% of melee minion's attack damage Attack speed 100% of melee minion's attack speed Range 125 Armor 0 Magic res. 0 Mov. speed 150% of melee minion's movement speed Patch History [ ] V14.1 - Added Gain a stack of this buff for each Touch of the Void stack beyond the fourth (one at 5 stacks and two at 6 stacks). While in combat with enemy structures, summon 1 allied Voidmite for each stack of this buff (15 second cooldown). Summoned Voidmites will target and attack the nearest structure, applying Touch of the Void's damage over time effect. References [ ] Neutral buffs Summoner's Rift Large monsters Crest of Cinders Crest of Insight Epic monsters Aspect of the Dragon Eye of the Herald Dragon Slayer Dragon Soul Hand of Baron Hunger of the Void Touch of the Void Removed content Blessing of the Lizard Elder Crest of Crushing Wrath Crest of Nature's Fury Crest of Flowing Water Doom's Eve Exalted with Baron Nashor Gift of Heavy Hands Crest of the Ancient Golem Gift of the Toadstool Mark of the Conqueror Razor Sharp Storm Shield