"You belong in a museum!" This article or section may contain obsolete information, but exists here for historical purposes. This item has been removed on patch V10.23 . Hunter's Machete edit Stats +10% life steal vs. monsters Passive Unique – Nail : Basic attacks against monsters deal 35 bonus physical damage on-hit. Healing provided by this item is increased by 50% while below 30% maximum health . Unique – Monster Hunter : Killing large or epic monsters grants 60 bonus experience . The first large monster killed grants an additional 150 bonus experience , for a total of 210 . If your gold from minions is greater than 40% your gold from monsters, a lane minion will grant 13 less gold and 50% reduced experience. This penalty is removed at 20 minutes. Limitations Limited to 1 Jungle or Gold Income item. The bonus experience effect does not stack with passive Tooth . Requirements Can only be purchased if you have Smite . Recipe Cost Sell ID 350 245 1041 Availability SR 5v5 Builds into Skirmisher's Sabre Stalker's Blade Menu Starter Items>Jungling Attack>Life Steal Keywords jungle Hunter's Machete was a starter item in League of Legends . It was exclusive to Classic Summoner's Rift 5v5 . Can only be purchased if you have Smite . Builds Into Skirmisher's Sabre Stalker's Blade Cost Analysis Gold Value 10% life steal = 375 35 on-hit damage = 875 Total Gold Value = 1250 Gold efficiency Hunter's Machete was 0% gold efficient, but 357. 14 % gold efficient against monsters , without its passives. Similar items Hunter's Talisman Notes An exception to the limitation of one jungle item is being able to purchase Hunter's Machete or Hunter's Talisman when either one is already in the inventory. The bonus on-hit damage does not benefit from life steal . Strategy The life steal that the Hunter's Machete provides is more useful on champions with high base attack damage such as Maokai , Warwick , or Jax rather than on Elise , Amumu , or Evelynn . Trivia Hunter's Machete , Hunter's Talisman , and its upgrades are the only non-consumable items that grant no direct stats. Hunter's Machete is an alternative to the Hunter's Talisman to start in the jungle . Tooth and Nail reference the eponymous expression . 