"You belong in a museum!" This article or section may contain obsolete information, but exists here for historical purposes. This item has been removed on patch V10.23 . Hunter's Talisman edit Passive Unique – Tooth : Damaging a monster by most means sets it aflame, dealing an additional 60 magic damage over 5 seconds while causing you to heal for 6 per second for every enemy being burned. Healing provided by this item is increased by 50% when below 30% maximum health . While in the jungle or river, regenerate 0 − 8 (based on missing mana) mana per second. Unique – Monster Hunter : Killing large or epic monsters grants 60 bonus experience . The first large monster killed grants an additional 150 bonus experience , for a total of 210 . If your gold from minions is greater than 40% your gold from monsters, a lane minion will grant 13 less gold and 50% reduced experience. This penalty is removed at 20 minutes. Limitations Limited to 1 Jungle or Gold Income item. The bonus experience effect does not stack with passive Nail . Requirements Can only be purchased if you have Smite . Recipe Cost Sell ID 350 245 1039 Availability SR 5v5 Builds into Skirmisher's Sabre Stalker's Blade Menu Starter Items>Jungling Magic>Mana Regen Keywords jungle Hunter's Talisman was a starter item in League of Legends . It was exclusive to Classic Summoner's Rift 5v5 . Can only be purchased if you have Smite . Builds Into Skirmisher's Sabre Stalker's Blade Cost Analysis Gold Value 40 flat mana regeneration = 2400 Total Gold Value = 2400 Gold efficiency Hunter's Talisman was 0% gold efficient when not in the jungle or river, but up to 685. 71 % gold efficient while in the jungle or river, without its passives. Similar items Hunter's Machete Notes Spells that 「 deal default damage or proc damage 」 「 do not trigger on-hit or spell effects 」 will not trigger the burn, unless special cased to do so. For instance, Hunter's Talisman does not trigger on the damage dealt by Queen's Wrath to secondary targets. Similarly, neither do Volibear's The Relentless Storm and Nocturne's Umbra Blades . Teemo's Toxic Shot is special cased to trigger it despite being proc damage . Other special cased interactions are not listed here. An exception to the limitation of one jungle item is being able to purchase Hunter's Machete or Hunter's Talisman when either one is already in the inventory. The Tooth damage does not deal lethal damage to large jungle monsters with buffs (i.e. Blue Sentinel and Red Brambleback ). This is so that the burn does not accidentally steal a buff that's being donated. Strategy While the bonus mana regeneration is worthless on manaless champions, Hunter's Talisman is usually the better jungle starting item for champions with an AoE damage ability, even if the champion is manaless.  This is because the damage burn and lifesteal works over time, and is triggered by any kind of damage.  For many champions, starting with Hunter's Talisman is the only way to safely farm the Raptor camp at the early levels. Trivia Hunter's Talisman , Hunter's Machete , and its upgrades are the only non-consumable items that grant no direct stats. Hunter's Talisman is an alternative to the Hunter's Machete to start in the jungle . Tooth and Nail reference the eponymous expression . 