Games Universe • League of Legends • Teamfight Tactics • Legends of Runeterra Image Illaoi Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Illaoi the Kraken Priestess Release date 2015-11-24 Last changed V14.3 Class(es) Juggernaut Legacy Fighter Tank Position(s) Top Resource Mana Range type Melee Adaptive type Physical Store price 3150 | 790 Crafting + 1890 Ratings Damage 3 Toughness 2 Control 1 Mobility 1 Utility 1 Style Difficulty Champion Spotlight Illaoi Champion Spotlight Illaoi is a champion in League of Legends . [1] Gameplay • Cosmetics • Audio • Development • Patch History • History • Trivia Base statistics Illaoi Edit Health 656 +115 Mana 350 +60 Health regen. (per 5s) 9.5 +0.8 Mana regen. (per 5s) 7.5 +0.75 Armor 35 +5 Attack damage 68 +5 Magic resist. 32 +2.05 Crit. damage 175% Move. speed 350 Attack range 125 Attack speed Base AS 0.625 Attack windup 21.429% AS ratio N/A Bonus AS +2.5 % Unit radius Gameplay radius 65 Selection radius 100 Pathing radius 35 Acq. radius 600 Special statistics ARAM Nexus Blitz One For All URF Ult Spellbook Arena Damage Dealt -5% Damage Received +5% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt -8% Damage Received +5% Damage Dealt +5% Damage Received -10% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Abilities [ ] Edit Prophet of an Elder God Prophet of an Elder God STATIC COOLDOWN: 20 − 7. 25 (based on level) EFFECT RADIUS: 1000 Innate: Periodically, Illaoi spawns a Tentacle on the nearest terrain perpendicular to her location, if no other Tentacles are already nearby it. Tentacles fully spawn after a 2 second delay and are untargetable in the meantime. Tentacles are commanded to attack by Illaoi's abilities , dealing 100% − 130% (based on Tentacle Smash's rank) of ( 9 − 162 (based on level) (+ 115% AD) (+ 40% AP) ) physical damage to all enemies struck. Enemies struck by multiple slams within 0. 5 seconds of another, take 50% damage for the second and 25% damage for all other additional slams. Each Tentacle also heals Illaoi for 5% of her missing health if it hits at least one enemy champion . See Pets for more details about Tentacles . Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Passive Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Physical Counters Spell shield Projectile Blocked Not Blocked Illaoi cannot spawn Tentacles on ally invulnerable structures (bug) , in addition to neither her nor the Vessel being able to spawn them in Nexus Obelisk's attack range. Even after Nexus turrets have lost their invulnerability, Illaoi still has issues spawning Tentacles on them (probably because of the nearby invulnerable Nexus ). (bug) Tentacles will prioritize spawning on map terrain before player-made ones. If multiple Tentacles hit simultaneously, the received healing is calculated iteratively based on the new amount of missing health, as per this formula: ( maximum health − current health) × (1 − 0.955 n ), with 'n' the number of Tentacle hits. Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit Heal health ratio changed to 3. 5 % missing health . Edit Tentacle Smash Tentacle Smash COST: 40 / 45 / 50 / 55 / 60 Mana COOLDOWN: 10 / 9 / 8 / 7 / 6 CAST TIME: 0. 75 RANGE: -52. 75 - 802. 75 WIDTH: 200 Passive: Tentacle damage is increased. Damage Increase: 10 / 15 / 20 / 25 / 30% Active: Illaoi slams down a Tentacle in the target direction. Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Direction Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Physical Counters Spell shield Projectile Blocked Not Blocked This ability will cast from wherever the caster is at the end of the cast time. Tentacle Smash's hitbox is fixed in front of Illaoi , while the indicator on the ground is fixed to the targeted direction. PENDING FOR TEST: Tentacle Smash visual indicator of the hitbox is visible to enemies even when cast in the fog of war. Type Cast time Attacking Disabled Abilities Test of Spirit and Leap of Faith are buffered. Harsh Lesson is usable. Movement Disabled Items Usable Shurelya's Battlesong Youmuu's Ghostblade Randuin's Omen Disabled All the other item-actives are disabled Interrupted by N/A Consumables Usable Spells Usable Barrier Clarity Cleanse Exhaust Ghost Heal Ignite Smite Disabled Flash Teleport Recall Hexflash Interrupted by N/A Interrupted by Death, unless protected by Resurrection Potential bug: If you hit someone with illaoi Q, while having the conquerer rune, the damage of the slam is always amplified by one bonus conquerer stack. Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit Bonus tentacle damage changed to 5 / 10 / 15 / 20 / 25%. Edit Harsh Lesson Harsh Lesson COST: 30 Mana COOLDOWN : 4 CAST TIME: none Active: Illaoi's next basic attack within 6 seconds gains 225 bonus range and causes her to leap to the target's location if they're beyond her normal basic attack range. The attack deals bonus physical damage , with a minimum threshold, and capped at 300 against non-champions, and commands all Tentacles in range to attack the target. The minimum bonus damage can also be applied against turrets . Bonus Physical Damage: 3 / 3. 5 / 4 / 4. 5 / 5% (+ 4% per 100 AD) of target's maximum health Minimum Physical Damage: 20 / 30 / 40 / 50 / 60 Harsh Lesson resets Illaoi's basic attack timer. Harsh Lesson can be activated during Illaoi's other abilities, other than while pulling a Spirit . Hide Details Info Targeting input Auto Damage type Type Sub-type Spell damage Physical Counters Spell shield Parries Grounded Not Blocked See Notes See Notes Knockdown See Notes The bonus damage doesn't apply life steal but it does apply spell vamp and Omnivamp . Harsh Lesson is made of two different abilities which are decided by Illaoi's range to the target, being either melee or within dash range. The close range ability: Has an uncancellable windup . Can be used while grounded or rooted . If Illaoi attack commands and then casts Harsh Lesson while rooted , she is able to use the close range version within its dash range. (bug) Starting the attack before triggering Guardian Angel's passive and hitting while she's in it will not cause the Tentacles to slam. (bug) The attack will still hit if the target becomes untargetable , but will not if it dies . (bug) Tentacles will slam if the attack is blocked , but not if it's dodged or if it misses . (bug) Does trigger Hail of Blades . Triggers Energized effects on-hit . If the empowered attack duration ends during the attack animation, the attack won't be empowered. (bug) After hitting the target, Illaoi can quickly cast other abilities. Abilities cannot be buffered during the windup. PENDING FOR TEST: The attack goes through spell shields . The dash range ability: Does not have an uncancellable windup, meaning effects that can interrupt the dash will cancel the attack and put the ability on cooldown. Can be cast but cannot be used while grounded or rooted because Illaoi loses the bonus attack range . The attack will not hit if the target becomes untargetable , but does hit if it dies . (bug) Tentacles will slam if the attack is dodged , blocked or if it misses . Does not trigger Hail of Blades . (bug) Triggers Energized effects during the jump. (bug) Having enough attack speed will perform an unusual dunk. (bug) If the empowered attack duration ends during the dash, the buff will linger until the attack has finished. After hitting the target, Illaoi has a short delay before she can cast other abilities. (bug) Abilities can be buffered during the windup. The attack goes through spell shields , but also triggers them. (bug) If the target dies at the instant Harsh Lesson is about to hit the target, the attack will hit, be consumed, but will not make the Tentacles slam. (bug) The Tentacle attacking because of Harsh Lesson is considered to be of the same cast instance , and thus will not grant additional stacks of Conqueror , Electrocute , Phase Rush and Tribute . (bug) Harsh Lesson triggers Bone Plating and one of its plates with the same attack. (bug) It also triggers Arcane Comet and reduces its cooldown twice. Attack moving while charging Hexflash will delay the attack. Edit Test of Spirit Test of Spirit COST: 35 / 40 / 45 / 50 / 55 Mana COOLDOWN : 16 / 15 / 14 / 13 / 12 CAST TIME: 0. 25 RANGE: 950 / 100 WIDTH: 100 TETHER RADIUS: 1500 / 1700 SPEED: 1900 Active: Illaoi launches a tendril in the target direction that stops at the first enemy hit, pulling their Spirit out in front of Illaoi over 0. 75 seconds if they're a champion . The target is tethered to the Spirit for 7 seconds , revealing them in addition to granting sight of the area around them while the tether remains. The Spirit spawns with the target's current health , armor and magic resist , and redirects a portion of the pre-mitigation damage received to the tethered champion. Damage Transmission: 25 / 30 / 35 / 40 / 45% (+ 8% per 100 AD) When the Spirit is killed or the target leaves tether range, the tether is severed, marking the target as a Vessel for 10 seconds and slowing them by 80% for 1. 5 seconds once the tether returns back to them. Each Tentacle autonomously attacks the closest Vessel or Spirit , prioritizing the latter, once every 5. 5 / 4. 5 / 3. 5 (based on level) seconds. Enemies made a Vessel also spawn a Tentacle near themselves every 5 / 4 / 3 (based on level) seconds. Tentacles can spawn 250 units closer to each other than when spawned by Illaoi . Illaoi is unable to act while firing the projectile and while the target's Spirit is being pulled. Illaoi cannot cast Test of Spirit again until the Spirit dies. Vessels can dispel the debuff by scoring a takedown against Illaoi . Link ▶️ "Take back your spirit." Hide Details Info Targeting input Direction Damage type Sub-type Physical / Magic / True (Redirected damage) Counters Spell shield Projectile See Notes See Notes Spirits are classified as clones : Spirits can only be fully targeted by Illaoi's team and neutral monsters. The Spirit's allies cannot manually select it as a valid target for spells and abilities, but they can still do so with automatically targetted effects. (bug) Spirits take 50% damage from turrets . (bug) Spirits cannot be healed nor shielded ( Summon Aery excluded (bug) ). The Spirit levels up when the Vessel does, gaining the target's stats per level. If the target has a resource that also increases per level (i.e mana ), the Spirit's lifetime will increase instead. (bug) The Spirit's destination is decided based on Illaoi's position and facing direction when the target is hit. The Spirit is untargetable while it is being pulled, and spawns with the tethered champion's default model and size. The Spirit's lifetime is sometimes 0. 25 seconds longer, while its untargetability is sometimes shorter, causing Tentacles to hit an inconsistent amount of times. Redirected damage is calculated by taking the pre-mitigation damage against the Spirit , applying Test of Spirit's damage modifier, and then capping it to the Spirit's current health . This damage will then be affected by damage modifiers (resistances and other effects) of the Vessel . This order of operations allows Test of Spirit to deal more or less percentage of the Vessel's health than would be expected: Because the Spirit's modifiers can be different from the Vessel's , and the damage being pre-mitigated, allowing the Spirit to have higher or lower effective health , respectively increasing or decreasing the maximum achievable damage from killing it. Because the cap is supposed to block excess damage over the Spirit's current health , which does not reliably do so or does too well, depending on whether the Spirit's damage modifier is higher than Test of Spirit's or not, respectively. This causes an increasing difference of damage when the pre-mitigated damage is between Spirit current health ÷ Spiritmod and Spirit current health ÷ Emod . (bug) To fix this case, pre-mitigated damage would need to be capped at the amount that kills the Spirit , and only then have Test of Spirit's damage modifier apply. Illaoi needs 937. 5 / 875 / 812. 5 / 750 / 687. 5 total AD to reach 100% redirected damage. As per above, the damage is still dependent on the Spirit's and Vessel's damage modifiers and may not always be able to deal 100% of the target's current health as total redirected damage. Spell shields may only prevent the initial spirit grab and the slow upon becoming a Vessel . Spell shields will not prevent becoming a Vessel or Tentacles from attacking. The tendril can be blocked by abilities such as Yasuo's Wind Wall , but the returning tether slow cannot, even if it can otherwise be destroyed by effects that can do so (i.e untargetability ). The tether slow will not be fired if the target is already untargetable when the Spirit dies. The spirit pull is not considered a crowd control effect and will not be blocked by crowd control immunity , with the exception of Morgana's Black Shield . (bug) The projectile tentacle model is linked to Illaoi's model animation and size. However gameplay wise it is not, thus the actual hitbox being different than the position, width and length of the visible model. (bug) The model will stop mid-air / vanish if Illaoi goes into stasis , sleep or airborne , however the actual hitbox will continue its trajectory unseen. PENDING FOR TEST: The projectile is however seen by enemies if Illaoi is not visible . This ability will cast from wherever the caster is at the end of the cast time. And will fire towards the same pointed location. Grabbing the Spirit of a champion before it goes into resurrection via Chronoshift or Guardian Angel will spawn the Spirit with 0 health, making it invulnerable . (bug) The same does not happen with other resurrection effects (i.e Karthus' Death Defied ) since they leave the champion with more than 0 health. PENDING FOR TEST: Grabbing the Spirit of an Oathsworn will make the Spirit invisible. (bug) Illaoi is the only one able to see who's been Vesseled , by adding a layer of watery effects on their model. The Vessel will also be let known it's debuffed, by having a layer of watery effects on its screen instead. If the target becomes a Vessel while vanished , the layer on their model will fail to be added. (bug) The Vessel status effect is a debuff that doesn't persist through death . If the target is made a Vessel while resurrecting , they will not revive as a Vessel . Runes consider the Spirit as a champion for their effects and stat-tracking. (bug) Tentacles damage with First Strike only reflects double bonus damage, not taking into account actual damage done to the Spirit (e.g if First Strike would deal 3 bonus damage, what would get reflected is 6 damage). (bug) Transferred damage will apply on-damage effects, such as Black Cleaver , Morellonomicon , Executioner's Calling , Riftmaker , Aspect of the Dragon burn damage. Redirected damage always counts as single target for the purpose of Omnivamp . The Spirit will also redirect the bonus damage dealt by Riftmaker and Aspect of the Dragon , effectively double diping their damage to the Vessel . In particular, Riftmaker also further increases its own redirected damage, granting an additional 0. 81 % bonus damage at full stacks, for a total of 18. 81 %. Transferred damage will not doubly apply on-hit or on-spell effects versus the target (e.g. Liandry's Torment , Phase Rush stacks). These effects are only applied versus the Spirit . Attacking the Vessel and its Spirit simultaneously will only apply one stack of Black Cleaver to the Vessel . (bug) When the tether is broken (whether the Spirit's lifetime ran out or the target moved out of range), the Spirit will vanish and move to Illaoi's location. An uncancellable windup attack may still kill the Spirit after it vanished to grant the gold, but without making the target a Vessel . The Spirit is immune to stasis (i.e. Bard's Tempered Fate ). Fiora's Riposte can be used to prevent becoming a Vessel if used before the Spirit is killed or while leaving the tether's range. Sion's Spirit cannot be spawned during Glory in Death . Spirits created before Sion's zombie state will remain active. If the target that had its Spirit pulled from them is taken into the Realm of Death , the tether will break, but they will not be made into a Vessel . The following table refers for interactions while Illaoi is firing the projectile and while the target's Spirit is being pulled: Attacking Disabled Abilities Tentacle Smash and Leap of Faith are buffered. Harsh Lesson is usable, but is buffered while pulling the Spirit . (bug) Movement Disabled Items Usable N/A Disabled All items are disabled Interrupted by N/A Consumables Disabled Spells Usable Barrier Clarity Cleanse Exhaust Ghost Heal Ignite Smite Disabled Flash Teleport Recall Hexflash Interrupted by N/A Interrupted by Death Edit Leap of Faith Leap of Faith COST: 100 Mana COOLDOWN: 120 / 95 / 70 CAST TIME: 0. 5 EFFECT RADIUS: 500 Active: Illaoi gains displacement immunity and leaps into the air for the cast time. She then slams her idol into the ground, dealing physical damage to nearby enemies. For each enemy champion hit, a Tentacle is summoned for 8 seconds (up to a maximum of 6 summons). Physical Damage: 150 / 250 / 350 (+ 50% bonus AD) For the duration, Harsh Lesson's cooldown is halved, all Tentacles awakened by Illaoi are untargetable , will not show their hitboxes, nor go dormant, and will take half the amount of time to make an attack. This however does not affect the Tentacle attack from Tentacle Smash . Link ▶️ "There are kind and gentle gods. Mine isn't one of those." Hide Details Info Targeting input Direction Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Physical Counters Spell shield See Notes This ability will cast from wherever the caster is at the end of the cast time. Illaoi spawns the Tentacle 700 range away from her, unless there's a natural wall blocking the way making the Tentacle spawn on it, with an angle relative to the direction she's facing. 1+ champions: one Tentacle at 0 degrees. (towards Illaoi's facing direction) 2+ champions: one Tentacle at 60 degrees. 3+ champions: one Tentacle at 300 degrees. 4+ champions: one Tentacle at 120 degrees. 5+ champions: one Tentacle at 240 degrees. 6+ champions: one Tentacle at 180 degrees. Tentacles may spawn on base barriers. If Illaoi is in the center of a base barrier, all Tentacles will spawn in the same position and stack over each other, making it appear as if there was only one Tentacle . Illaoi's facing direction is decided by the position of the cursor on cast, but can also be changed mid-cast through other effects, such as Flash . If there are no walls nearby, spawning the last Tentacle will form a perfect hexagon. Spell shields will block the ability's damage but will not prevent Tentacles from spawning. If Illaoi dies within 0. 25 seconds of dropping down, she will spawn buffed Tentacles , but she won't manage in time to buff the already spawned ones. (bug) If Illaoi is near a Tentacle that is about to spawn, it will spawn buffed by Leap of Faith even if Illaoi is no longer nearby. Using Harsh Lesson after Illaoi drops down will command Tentacles to instantly attack, regardless if they were already attacking. Their old attack will keep on going and will hit while the second attack is on its animation attack. (bug) This makes it possible for the same tentacle to reduce its own damage by having the second attack hit too fast, which is not otherwise possible. Using Harsh Lesson an instant before Leap of Faith's buff finishes will delay the Tentacle's attack. (bug) Pets [ ] Tentacle Bounty Gold Exp CS 5 0 0 Statistics Sight radius Blind Health 2 Attack speed 1. 00 Range 927. 75 / -52. 75 / 200 Incoming damage modifier 1 from champion basic attacks CC resist. Immune to crowd control Mov. speed Static Control type The Tentacle is commanded to attack each time a target in its range gets hit by Harsh Lesson . The Tentacle is also able to periodically automatically attack the closest Spirit or Vessel in its range. Its attacks get queued up if it receives more than one attack command. The queued attacks will always have 1 attack speed, even if affected by Leap of Faith's buff. If the Tentacle is commanded to attack by a Harsh Lesson while inactive, it will instead queue the attack if it becomes active in the next 0. 5 seconds. If followed by a Test of Spirit command, this attack will be slightly delayed. (bug) If a Tentacle is killed while attacking, the Tentacle will first finish its attack and then die, without being able to queue up other commands. Tentacles can receive attack commands 0. 25 seconds after dying, and are able to queue up other commands during the timeframe. (bug) Tentacles will only start attacks against targets whose center is inside the slam area, but they will also hit targets whose center is further away if their edge is inside the area. (bug) Target type Ward (can be teleported to). On-hit effects Not mitigated by block or dodge . Spell effects Applies spell effects as area damage . Protection A single spell shield can block all tentacle attacks that hit at the same time. Abilities Slam The Tentacle damages all non- structure enemies it hits along its length and heals Illaoi if it hits at least one enemy champion. Awakening The Tentacle awakens and remains active while Illaoi or a Vessel are within 2000 range and not dead . If none is nearby, the Tentacle finishes any of its ongoing attacks before becoming dormant. If dormant for 30 consecutive seconds, the Tentacle disappears. The Tentacle is lenient towards becoming dormant when Illaoi dies while the Tentacle is spawning or while she's pulling the Spirit - allowing Tentacles to make a last attack on their targets. Enrage The Tentacle is buffed by Leap of Faith . Vision All Tentacles around 1000 range of an enemy champion are revealed through the fog of war . When about to slam it reveals the targeted spot to allies. The Tentacle grants sight of nearby Control Wards . (bug) Notes If Illaoi is in a different dimension than her Tentacles (i.e Realm of Death ), her Tentacles will continue to target units in their dimension only, but the area of damage will instead be dealt in Illaoi's dimension. (bug) Champion skins [ ] This article section only contains champion skins. For all associated collection items, see Illaoi (Collection) . Original View in 3D 880 24.11.2015 Illaoi’s powerful physique is dwarfed only by her indomitable faith. As the prophet of the Great Kraken, she uses a huge, golden idol to rip her foes’ spirits from their bodies and shatter their perception of reality. All who challenge the 'Truth Bearer of Nagakabouros' soon discover Illaoi never battles alone—the god of the Serpent Isles fights by her side. Rolonda Watts Evan 'Somnicidal' Monteiro Loot eligible Void Bringer View in 3D 1350 24.11.2015 Rolonda Watts Alvin Lee Curse of the Void Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Resistance View in 3D 1350 15.03.2018 Chief enforcer of the human-led resistance, Illaoi was once the subject of a failed Battlecast conversion that left her with control over nearby machines. Seizing her newfound power, she has single handedly decimated Viktor's forces in countless battles, becoming a beacon of hope for rebels across the world. Rolonda Watts Bo 'chenbowow' Chen Battlecast Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Resistance Illaoi Chromas Aquamarine Catseye Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Cosmic Invoker View in 3D 1350 24.11.2020 An entity who carries the raw power of cosmic creation in her hands, Illaoi can slam the orb she holds into the very fabric of reality, allowing time to flow forward even in places where life has been eradicated. Rolonda Watts West Studio Cosmic Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Cosmic Invoker Illaoi Chromas Amethyst Citrine Emerald Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Turquoise Snow Moon View in 3D 1350 23.06.2022 Illaoi, the High Priestess of the Snow Moon, imagines a world free of the madness that consumes it. Her vision can only be realized when every soul is cleansed, every demon ripped from its bindings. Maintaining order with an icy resolve, she'll stop at nothing, her own humanity a fleeting memory. Rolonda Watts David Villegas, West Studio Snow Moon Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Snow Moon Illaoi Chromas Amethyst Catseye Emerald Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Patch history [ ] For the expanded patch notes, see here Trivia [ ] Illaoi has the 2nd highest ​ level 18 base attack damage (153), behind Mega Gnar . Illaoi as a whole might have been influenced by Atlantis: The Lost Empire . She is the only champion who can summon an enemy unit ( Vessel ). Zoologically, Illaoi is actually summoning arms rather than tentacles, the latter of which have suckers only at the tip. See also [ ] League of Legends Wiki | Champions Cancelled Champions Ao Shin Avasha Averdrian CeeCee Cyborg Cowboy Eagle Rider Gavid Husk Iron Engineer Ivan Omen Priscilla Rob Blackblade Seth Tabu Tiki Urf Well References [ ] ↑ Illaoi's profile page at LeagueOfLegends.com