Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Current version [ ] V14.3 Prophet of an Elder God Tentacle range increased to 925 from 800. Tentacle base damage reduced to 9 − 162 (based on level) from 10 − 180 (based on level) . AD ratio reduced to 115% AD from 120% AD . V14.2 Stats Health growth increased to 115 from 109. Base mana increased to 350 from 300. Mana growth increased to 60 from 50. Prophet of an Elder God Heal per tentacle hit increased to 5% missing health from 4. 5 % . V13.20 - October 11th Hotfix Test of Spirit Bug Fix: Spirits of champions without a resource now have the proper duration. V13.20 Test of Spirit Bug Fix: The spirit out of an enemy Briar no longer instantly reaches the end of its life duration if the clone was created while she was not under the effect of her Blood Frenzy . Now bugged in this same way with resourceless champions such as Riven and Garen instead. Undocumented: Grabbing the spirit of champions with special resource bars (i.e Flow , Ferocity ) no longer makes the spirit not show its lifetime. V12.15 Test of Spirit Undocumented: Spirits now properly cause turrets to Warm Up their attacks. V12.10 Stats Base health increased to 656 from 586. Health growth increased to 109 from 95. Armor growth increased to 5 from 3. 8 . Magic resistance growth increased to 2. 05 from 1. 25 . Prophet of an Elder God Heal per tentacle hit reduced to 4. 5 % missing health from 5% . V12.8 Tentacle Smash Bug Fix: Buffering the ability no longer causes the caster to instantly face in the direction of the cursor. Harsh Lesson Bug Fix: The dashed version of the ability now correctly causes Tentacles to attack if the caster had an active spell shield . Test of Spirit New Effect: Now grants assist credit if the target is killed even when the Spirit does not take any damage. Bug Fix: Spirits spawned are no longer invisible if the tethered champion was camouflaged and being revealed by a Control Ward . Bug Fix: Buffering the ability no longer causes the caster to instantly face in the direction of the cursor. Bug Fix: Spirits that expire are no longer automatically killed by being dealt 100% of their health by the Vessel , triggering their takedown effects and Aatrox's Umbral Dash's healing. V12.6 - March 30th Hotfix Harsh Lesson Bug Fix: Fixed a bug where the dashed version of the ability would not deal bonus damage based on the target's maximum health. V12.6 General Undocumented: All abilities now buffer within 0. 5 seconds of being cast while on cooldown or sealed. Prophet of an Elder God Removed: Tentacles no longer spawn near base gates on Summoner's Rift for both team's bases. Bug Fix: Inactive Tentacles no longer try to attack when commanded by Harsh Lesson , causing their attacks upon becoming active to be delayed. New Effect: Instead the attack is now queued if the Tentacle becomes active in the next 0. 5 seconds. Tentacle Smash Bug Fix: Visual indicator is now visible to enemy champions when cast outside of their vision. Undocumented: Buffering the ability now causes the caster to instantly face in the direction of the cursor, with gameplay implications. Harsh Lesson New Effect: Other abilities can now be buffered during the dashed version of the attack's windup. Not Functional: The same happens for the melee version. Bug Fix: Visual indicator now properly displays the correct range of the empowered attack. Undocumented: Active effects (such as Flash ) are no longer locked out from being cast during the dashed version of the ability (now works the same as the melee version). Undocumented: The dashed version of the ability now deals damage and causes Tentacles to attack if it was blocked or dodged . Undocumented: The dashed version of the ability no longer causes Tentacles to attack if the caster had an active spell shield . Test of Spirit Bug Fix: Spirits that expire are no longer automatically killed by being dealt 100% of their health by the last assisting ally, granting them creep score. Undocumented: It now is so by the enemy Vessel instead, triggering their takedown effects and Aatrox's Umbral Dash's healing but without granting them the creep score. Bug Fix: Visual indicator is now visible to enemy champions when cast outside of their vision. Undocumented: Buffering the ability now causes the caster to instantly face in the direction of the cursor, with gameplay implications. Undocumented: Other spells can now be buffered during the entire portion of the ability's cast time, instead of only while pulling the Spirit . Undocumented: Inactive Tentacles are no longer automatically commanded to attack the Spirit or Vessel , causing their attacks to go on cooldown without actually attacking. Leap of Faith New Effect: Other spells can now be buffered during the ability's cast time. Removed: Tentacles no longer spawn relative to the closest enemy champion on cast. They now do so only relative to the cursor position. V12.4 Stats Base attack speed increased to 0. 625 from 0. 571 . Attack speed ratio increased to 0. 625 from 0. 571 . Harsh Lesson AD ratio increased to 4% per 100 AD from 2% per 100 AD . Test of Spirit New Effect: Tentacles are now more lenient towards becoming dormant if the caster dies while pulling the Spirit , giving them slightly more time to attack their targets. V11.22 Test of Spirit Bug Fix: Death's Dance no longer considers the Spirit as a champion for the takedown effect. V11.15 Tentacle Smash Bug Fix: Illaoi's model animation no longer fizzles if she inputs another command right after casting the ability. V11.14 Stats Base movement speed increased to 350 from 340. V11.12 Stats Mana growth increased to 50 from 40. V11.4 Test of Spirit Undocumented: Duskblade of Draktharr no longer considers the Spirit as a champion for the takedown effect. V11.1 Stats Base magic resistance reduced to 32 from 32. 1 . Base health increased to 586 from 585. 6 . V10.23 Test of Spirit Undocumented: The lifetime of a Rumble Spirit is no longer shorter than normal. Undocumented: The Spirit of an Ekko no longer triggers Parallel Convergence . V10.20 Prophet of an Elder God Cooldown reduced to 20 − 7. 25 (based on level) seconds from 20 − 12 (based on level) . Harsh Lesson Bug Fix: Spellshields no longer block and pop from the bonus damage of the close range part of the ability (dash range continues to pop spellshields and deal full damage). Test of Spirit Bug Fix: Lulu's team can no longer get permanent vision of an area if she is cloned by Test of Spirit and dies while Help, Pix! is activated on Lulu . V10.9 Test of Spirit Undocumented: Perfect Timing no longer considers the Spirit as a champion for the takedown effect. V10.8 Harsh Lesson Indicator added to show recast ability timer. V10.6 Test of Spirit Undocumented: Swain's Ravenous Flock , Katarina's Voracity , Master Yi's Highlander and Kha'Zix's Evolved Wings takedown effects no longer trigger on the Spirit . Undocumented: Blade of the Ruined King no longer has its damage capped against the Spirit as if it was considered a minion. Undocumented: Perfect Timing now considers the Spirit as a champion for the takedown effect. V10.3 Test of Spirit Bug Fix: If Sett has no points in Haymaker , Test of Spirit will now properly extrude his vessel. V10.1 Test of Spirit Bug Fix: Can no longer pull spirits of targets protected by Morgana's Black Shield . V9.19 Harsh Lesson Bug Fix: Can now be cast while grounded or rooted. Undocumented: Casting an attack command before casting the ability on a target beyond melee range will now use the melee version of the ability instead of the dash version. V9.18 Harsh Lesson Bug Fix: Cannot be cast while grounded or rooted. If casted before, only the close version may be used, while negating the attack commands while being in dash version. V9.15 Test of Spirit Undocumented: Jinx's Get Excited! takedown effect no longer triggers on the Spirit . V9.13 Prophet of an Elder God Removed: Tentacles are no longer put on 1 health when they go dormant. Undocumented: Illaoi can no longer spawn Tentacles on ally invulnerable structures (the Vessel still can). New Effect: Tentacles can no longer be stopped from attacking. If they're killed or they have to vanish during the slam, they will instead die after finishing the slam. Undocumented: Tentacles can now be commanded to attack 0. 25 seconds after their death. New Effect: Tentacle damage now also scales with 40% AP . New Effect: Cooldown is now pingable. Tentacle lifetime while dormant reduced to 30 seconds from 60. Range of enemies to gain vision of tentacles reduced to 1000 units from 1400. Bug Fix: Enemy champions no longer globally gain vision of tentacles that are slamming. Undocumented: Commanded Tentacles now attack in the order they were commanded to. For example, doing an E-W will first do the E attack and then the W attack rather than two W attacks. This fixes some stacking mechanics like Conqueror's . Harsh Lesson New Effect: Now has a minimum base damage of 20 / 30 / 40 / 50 / 60, that can be applied on turrets . Test of Spirit Removed: Spirit duration is no longer reduced by 1. 25 seconds each time the target damages Illaoi with basic attacks, by 1 second with single target spells and by 0. 66 seconds with area of effect ones. Spirit duration reduced to 7 seconds from 10. Vessel duration reduced to 10 seconds from 12. Tentacle automatic attack cooldown reduced to 5. 5 / 4. 5 / 3. 5 (based on level) seconds from 10 seconds at all levels. Undocumented: Swain's Ravenous Flock takedown effect now also triggers when the Spirit dies, regardless of being allied or enemy. Undocumented: Tether now breaks if the target moves to the Realm of Death . Undocumented: Grabbing the spirit of a champion with red resource (i.e rage ) no longer makes the spirit not show its lifetime. Leap of Faith Maximum tentacle summons increased to 6 from 5. Undocumented If Illaoi dies immediately after using the ability, already spawned tentacles will not be empowered. V9.11 Leap of Faith Undocumented: Hitting the Spirit no longer spawns two tentacles. V9.9 Prophet of an Elder God Undocumented: Spell shields now block tentacle slams. A single spell shield can block multiple slams. Harsh Lesson Undocumented: Can no longer issue an attack command after casting the ability to dash while rooted. Can still dash if the attack command is issued before casting the ability. Test of Spirit Undocumented: Can now grab the Spirit of other decoys. Undocumented: Draven's League of Draven no longer triggers when killing the Spirit . Undocumented: Katarina's Voracity , Master Yi's Highlander and Kha'Zix's Evolved Wings takedown effects now trigger on the Spirit . Undocumented: No longer blocks Kayle from using her Celestial Blessing while the Spirit is nearby. Undocumented: The Spirit can no longer be targeted by Divine Judgement . Leap of Faith Undocumented: Now spawns tentacles by hitting decoys other than the Spirit . Undocumented: Hitting the Spirit now spawns two tentacles instead of one. V9.8 Test of Spirit Undocumented: League of Draven and Get Excited! now trigger on the Spirit . V9.5 Test of Spirit Undocumented: Can now grab a spirit through Morgana's Black Shield . V9.2 Leap of Faith Undocumented: The animation no longer sometimes bugs out, making Illaoi not leap in the air. V9.1 Leap of Faith New Effect: Ability icon HUD now shows the remaining duration of the ability. V8.24 Test of Spirit Cooldown reduced to 16 / 15 / 14 / 13 / 12 seconds from 20 / 18 / 16 / 14 / 12. Leap of Faith Cooldown reduced to 120 / 95 / 70 seconds from 120 / 105 / 90. V8.20 Test of Spirit Bug Fix: The Black Cleaver now correctly stacks on the spirit. V8.18 Void Bringer Illaoi Harsh Lesson Bug Fix: Fixed an FPS hitching issue that occurred when she sucessfully Teleported while her Harsh Lesson attack buff was active. V8.14 Test of Spirit Bug Fix: The Spirit now correctly takes true damage from Conqueror . V8.13 Tentacle Smash Undocumented: No longer shows a damage increase of 5% before upgrading to rank 1. V8.6 Prophet of an Elder God Bug Fix: Tentacles no longer count as wards for the purpose of placing and destroying them. Undocumented: VFX particles upon slaming on low graphics removed. Test of Spirit Undocumented: Illaoi and her enemies can no longer see the range which breaks Test of Spirit's tether on low graphics. V8.3 Prophet of an Elder God Undocumented: Tentacles no longer keep their dance SFX after Illaoi stops dancing if she spammed the dance command. Harsh Lesson Undocumented: The attack can no longer be cancelled when attacking non-minions or non-champions. Undocumented: The dashed version can now stack and trigger Guinsoo's Rageblade . Undocumented: Now correctly calculates damage done based on Muramana's bonus ad. Undocumented: The bonus damage is now dealt before Blade of the Ruined King's one. V7.24 Test of Spirit Bug Fix: Pulled spirits no longer have their health bars disappear when the Illaoi player or an ally try to target it. UNdocumented: Spirits now have their lifetime disappear if it was grabbed from a champion with red or white resources (i.e rage , flow ). V7.23 Prophet of an Elder God Bug Fix: Tentacle slams no longer fizzle if an enemy dies after being acquired as a slam target. Harsh Lesson Bug Fix: Any tentacles that would slam Illaoi's target now do so if her target dies during the leap animation. New Effect: Empowered attack can no longer be canceled. Test of Spirit Undocumented: Stacking Press the Attack on the spirit no longer permanently disables the rune. V7.22 Stats Base attack damage increased to 68 from 60. Base armor increased to 35 from 26. V7.17 Harsh Lesson Bug Fix: No longer does additional damage on crits when she dashes. Undocumented: Now correctly deals damage after Blade of the Ruined King's one. V7.11 Prophet of an Elder God Removed: Tentacles killed increasing the minion killed stat. V7.7 Prophet of an Elder God Bug Fix: Lifesteal no longer applies when hitting tentacles. V7.6 Harsh Lesson Bug Fix: Can no longer spam Harsh Lesson to ignore the cast time of Test of Spirit . V6.22 General Bug Fix: Illaoi's tentacles now normally swing at champions under the effects of Taric's Cosmic Radiance or Kindred's Lamb's Respite . V6.15 Prophet of an Elder God New Effect: Tentacles are now visible in brush to enemy champions within their normal vision range. V6.14 General Tentacle indicators are now more accurate when displaying the area they're going to Slam. V6.11 General Clarity: All tooltips updated. Tentacle Smash Passive changed to 10 / 15 / 20 / 25 / 30% increased damage from increasing the AD ratio by 0 / 10 / 20 / 30 / 40% AD . Harsh Lesson Damage changed to 3 / 3. 5 / 4 / 4. 5 / 5% (+ 「 2% per 100 AD 」 「 1% per 50 AD 」 ) of target's maximum health from 15 / 35 / 55 / 75 / 95 (+ 10% AD) . The new damage is capped at 300 against non-champions. Test of Spirit Slow duration reduced to 1. 5 seconds from 2. Removed: Slow's decay. V6.10 Harsh Lesson Cooldown reduced to 4 seconds at all ranks from 6 / 5. 5 / 5 / 4. 5 / 4 seconds. V6.9 Prophet of an Elder God New Effect: Tentacles no longer appear in fog of war but stay revealed once first seen. Test of Spirit Vessel duration reduced to 12 seconds from 60. Tentacles spawn interval reduced to 5 / 4 / 3 (based on level) seconds from 10. Tentacles spawned by a Vessel can now spawn closer to each other. Removed: Killing 3 Tentacles dispels the Vessel effect early. Removed: Enemies being able to see Tentacles spawning in fog of war. Removed: Recall prevents Tentacles from spawning. Undocumented: Vessel debuff now refreshes if applied again on the enemy. V6.5 Leap of Faith Bug Fix: Tentacles spawned no longer fail to attack Harsh Lesson targets the moment before expiring. V6.4 Leap of Faith New Effect: Illaoi becomes unstoppable while casting. V6.3 Test of Spirit Mana cost reduced to 35 / 40 / 45 / 50 / 55 from 35 / 45 / 55 / 65 / 75. Removed: 0. 25 seconds root after missing. New Effect: Illaoi can instantly move after casting. New Effect: Tentacles killed by allies within 5 seconds of being hit by a Vessel counts towards the debuff's removal. Bug Fix: Fiora could Riposte the application of the Vessel debuff as it flew towards her. V5.23 Added See also [ ] League of Legends Wiki | Champions Cancelled Champions Ao Shin Avasha Averdrian CeeCee Cyborg Cowboy Eagle Rider Gavid Husk Iron Engineer Ivan Omen Priscilla Rob Blackblade Seth Tabu Tiki Urf Well