Games Universe • League of Legends • Teamfight Tactics • Legends of Runeterra • Wild Rift Image Irelia Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Irelia the Blade Dancer Release date 2010-11-16 Last changed V14.2 Class(es) Diver Legacy Fighter Assassin Position(s) Top Middle Resource Mana Range type Melee Adaptive type Physical Store price 3150 | 790 Crafting + 1890 Ratings Damage 2 Toughness 2 Control 2 Mobility 3 Utility 2 Style Difficulty Champion Spotlight Irelia Champion Spotlight Irelia is a champion in League of Legends . [1] Gameplay • Cosmetics • Audio • Development • Patch History • History • Trivia Base statistics Irelia Edit Health 590 +124 Mana 350 +50 Health regen. (per 5s) 8.5 +0.85 Mana regen. (per 5s) 8 +0.8 Armor 36 +4.7 Attack damage 65 +4 Magic resist. 30 +2.05 Crit. damage 175% Move. speed 335 Attack range 200 Attack speed Base AS 0.656 Attack windup 19.672% AS ratio N/A Bonus AS +2.5 % Unit radius Gameplay radius 65 Selection radius 100 Pathing radius 35 Acq. radius 600 Special statistics ARAM Nexus Blitz One For All URF Ult Spellbook Arena Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Ability Haste +20 Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt -3% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Abilities [ ] Edit Ionian Fervor Ionian Fervor Innate: Irelia generates a stack of Ionian Fervor for each enemy champion hit by her abilities , or if she hits at least one non-champion, lasting for 6 seconds, refreshing on basic attacks and ability hits against enemy champions and large monsters , and stacking up to 4 times. Ionian Fervor: For each stack, Irelia gains 7. 5 % − 20% (based on level) bonus attack speed , up to a maximum of 30% − 80% (based on level) . At maximum stacks, Irelia's basic attacks are empowered to deal 10 − 61 (based on level) (+ 20% bonus AD) bonus magic damage on-hit . Innate - Unsteady: Enemy champions and large monsters hit by Flawless Duet and Vanguard's Edge's initial barrage are marked as Unsteady for 5 seconds. The mark can be consumed by Bladesurge . Hide Details Info Targeting input Passive Damage type Type Sub-type Proc damage Magic Counters Parries Missing The attacks do not deal the bonus damage against structures . PENDING FOR TEST: : Parry interactions ( block , dodge , and blind ). Edit Bladesurge Bladesurge COST: 20 Mana COOLDOWN: 11 / 10 / 9 / 8 / 7 CAST TIME: none TARGET RANGE: 600 SPEED: 1400 + 100% movement speed Active: Irelia dashes 100 units through the target enemy's location, and upon collision or dash completion, she deals physical damage , applies on-hit effects, and heals herself. Bladesurge deals 55 − 259 (based on level) bonus physical damage to minions . Physical Damage: 5 / 25 / 45 / 65 / 85 (+ 60% AD) Heal: 9 / 10 / 11 / 12 / 13% AD Bladesurge's current cooldown is reduced to 0. 2 seconds upon collision of targets marked as Unsteady , and is reset if the target dies to or during Bladesurge's dash. Flawless Duet can be cast during the dash. Hide Details Info Targeting input Unit Target out-of-range override Walk in range of the target Damage type Type Sub-type Minion Aggro Basic damage Physical Drawn Counters Spell shield Parries Grounded Blocked Blocked Disabled Knockdown Interrupted Bladesurge will be buffered and cast when the cooldown ends or is reset if the player attempts to cast it within 0. 5 seconds of the cooldown ending/resetting. Bladesurge deals basic damage , but also triggers spell effects by dealing an additional 0 spell damage . If the target dies during Bladesurge's dash, Irelia may cast her other abilities during the dash. If the target dies to Bladesurge and was also marked , the cooldown is still fully refunded. Bladesurge will only allow Irelia to dash through walls if there is enough space for her on the other side. Bladesurge deals its damage and consumes marks when Irelia collides with the target, or at the end of the dash if the target moves away. Bladesurge will not deal damage if the dash is interrupted beforehand. The damage will be dealt if the target is in collision range when the dash is interrupted however. Flash will interrupt the dash but Irelia will still collide with and deal damage to her target if the blink leaves her in contact with it at the new location. Irelia will complete her remaining dash distance even if the damage is dealt earlier. If the target is untargetable , Bladesurge will instead deals its damage at the end of the dash, rather than on collision. Edit Defiant Dance Defiant Dance COST: 70 / 75 / 80 / 85 / 90 Mana COOLDOWN : 20 / 18 / 16 / 14 / 12 CAST TIME: None / 0. 25 RANGE: 775 / 895 EFFECT RADIUS: 300 / 120 WIDTH: 240 Active: Irelia charges for up to 1. 5 seconds, during which she increases Defiant Dance's damage over the first 0. 75 seconds of the channel and reduces incoming physical damage by 40% − 70% (based on level) (+ 7% per 100 AP) and incoming magic damage by 20% − 35% (based on level) (+ 3. 5 % per 100 AP) . Defiant Dance can be recast within the duration, and does so automatically afterwards. Defiant Dance's charge cannot be interrupted by crowd control . Recast: Irelia swipes her blades in the target direction, dealing physical damage to enemies around her and within a line, increased by 0% − 200% (based on channel time) . She also retains the damage reduction for 0. 5 seconds. Minimum Physical Damage: 10 / 25 / 40 / 55 / 70 (+ 40% AD) (+ 40% AP) Maximum Physical Damage: 30 / 75 / 120 / 165 / 210 (+ 120% AD) (+ 120% AP) Defiant Dance's recast can be used while affected by cast-inhibiting crowd control . If Ionian Fervor would expire during the charge, it will instead refresh every 0. 25 seconds for the remaining charge and be retained for 0. 5 seconds after the recast is initiated. Hide Details Info Targeting input Auto / Direction Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Physical Counters Spell shield Projectile Disruption Blocked Not Blocked Not Interrupted Enemies around Irelia will be dealt the damage once the recast's cast time ends, while enemies within the line are dealt the damage via a missile that reaches the furthest targets after a 0. 066 seconds delay after the recast's cast time. Quick Casting utilizes hold-and-release for the two casts. Defiant Dance reaches 100% physical damage reduction at 857. 14 − 428. 57 (based on level) AP . Defiant Dance reaches 100% magic damage reduction at 2285. 71 − 1857. 14 (based on level) AP . Defiant Dance will also recast automatically upon entering resurrection . This ability will cast from wherever the caster is at the end of the cast time. This refers to the recast. The following table refers for interactions while Irelia is channeling : Type Charge channel Attacking Disabled Abilities Disabled Movement Disabled Items Usable N/A Disabled All items are disabled Interrupted by N/A Consumables Disabled, but can still use trinkets Spells Usable Barrier Clarity Cleanse Exhaust Ghost Heal Ignite Smite Disabled Flash Teleport Recall Interrupted by Hexflash (Recasts) Interrupted by Death Edit Flawless Duet Flawless Duet COST: 50 Mana COOLDOWN : 16 / 15 / 14 / 13 / 12 CAST TIME: none TARGET RANGE : 775 EFFECT RADIUS: Global WIDTH: Convergence hit width SPEED: 2000 Active: Irelia sends a blade to the target location for 3. 5 seconds. Flawless Duet can be recast after 0. 15 seconds while the blade is active, and does so automatically at the end of its duration, though not if she is unable to cast abilities. Recast: Irelia sends a second blade to the target location, or to her current position if Flawless Duet was recast automatically. Once both blades have been placed, they fly toward each other regardless of distance and converge over 0. 25 seconds, afterwards dealing magic damage to all enemies within a line between them and stunning them for 0. 75 seconds, during which they are revealed . Magic Damage: 80 / 125 / 170 / 215 / 260 (+ 80% AP) Flawless Duet's recast can be used during Bladesurge and the cast time of Vanguard's Edge . Each of the blades' travel times are 0. 264 seconds . Flawless Duet will cast at max range if cast beyond that. Hide Details Info Targeting input Location Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Magic Counters Spell shield Projectile Blocked Blocked Both casts count as an ability activation for the purposes of on-cast effects such as Spellblade and triggering Force Pulse's passive. If the ability is not manually recasted, the secondary effect will trigger and it will be considered as an ability activation. This is the only ability with this interaction in the game. Flawless Duet will recast automatically at its end during Defiant Dance despite being disabled. Flawless Duet will also recast automatically upon entering resurrection . The outgoing blades will stop flight upon touching projectile blocking effects. The converging blades will instead be destroyed upon contact with such effects. The blades will not stun nor deal damage if they fail to converge (i.e Yasuo's Wind Wall ). Both of Flawless Duet's casts will be buffered and cast when their cooldowns end if the player attempts to cast each within 0. 3 seconds of their cooldown ending. Edit Vanguard's Edge Vanguard's Edge COST: 100 Mana COOLDOWN: 125 / 105 / 85 CAST TIME: 0. 4 TARGET RANGE: 1000 WIDTH: 320 SPEED: 2000 Passive: Bladesurge's total cooldown is reduced by a flat amount. Flat Cooldown Reduction: 0. 5 / 1. 5 / 2. 5 Active: Irelia launches a barrage of blades in the target direction, expanding outward upon hitting an enemy champion, dealing magic damage to all enemies hit and revealing them for 1 second. Magic Damage: 125 / 250 / 375 (+ 70% AP) After expanding, the blades drop on the ground, knocking all enemy units away from them, though not rendering them airborne , and forming a spade-shaped perimeter around the enemy champion hit for 2. 5 seconds that grants sight of its surroundings. Enemies that pass through the blades for the first time are dealt the same magic damage and are slowed by 90% for 1. 5 seconds. The perimeter will point at the same angle Irelia casted it from, but based on the target's center. Link ▶️ "Ionia calls!" Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Direction Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Magic Counters Spell shield Projectile Blocked Blocked Bladesurge's cooldown reduction applies before ability haste . Enemies that cross the perimeter are not marked for Bladesurge . This ability will cast from wherever the caster is at the end of the cast time. Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit Bladesurge cooldown reduction changed to 1. 5 / 2. 5 / 3. 5 . Champion skins [ ] This article section only contains champion skins. For all associated collection items, see Irelia (Collection) . Original View in 3D 880 16.11.2010 The Noxian occupation of Ionia produced many heroes, none more unlikely than young Irelia of Navori. Trained in the ancient dances of her province, she adapted her art for war, using the graceful and carefully practised movements to levitate a host of deadly blades. After proving herself as a fighter, she was thrust into the role of resistance leader and figurehead, and to this day remains dedicated to the preservation of her homeland. Cherami Leigh Jessica 'OwleyCat' Oyhenart Loot eligible Nightblade View in 3D 520 16.11.2010 In exchange for the power to expel Noxus from Ionia, Irelia struck a bargain with an evil spirit—a decision that would prove costly when her humanity began to slip away... Cherami Leigh Choe HeonHwa Legacy Loot eligible Voice filter Additional/unique quotes New SFX/VFX Aviator View in 3D 520 16.11.2010 Few war pilots were as skilled as Irelia, whose flashy dogfighting earned her a place among the greatest soldiers in history. After the war she continued to fly fighter planes, never once losing her spark. Cherami Leigh Jana Schirmer Day Job Loot eligible Additional/unique quotes New SFX/VFX Infiltrator View in 3D 975 11.10.2011 Using technologically superior cracking devices and hard-light blades, Irelia's nefarious activity is surprisingly hard to follow. She's responsible for a string of heists and high-profile espionage missions. Cherami Leigh Zeen Chin Silver Age Loot eligible Legacy Additional/unique quotes New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Frostblade View in 3D 975 30.04.2012 An ice sprite hailing from the mythical Winterlands, Irelia's demeanor is surprisingly stoic considering her mischievous brethren. Despite this, she aspires to one day serve in the court of the Poro King. Cherami Leigh Viktor Titov, Grafit Studio Winter Wonder Loot eligible Additional/unique quotes New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Frostblade Irelia Chromas Golden Order of the Lotus View in 3D 750 03.06.2015 A chance encounter with the Order of the Lotus changed Irelia's life forever, as she opened her mind to the cosmic cycles of death and rebirth over many human lifetimes. She is still a fierce warrior, but now fights knowing her soul can never truly die. Cherami Leigh Michelle Hoefener Order of the Lotus Loot eligible Additional/unique quotes New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Divine Sword View in 3D 1350 04.09.2018 Long ago, the demigoddess Irelia challenged a headstrong dragon king to a duel, defeating him before all the members of his assembled court. In his hubris, he lashed out at her, and in return she sealed his power within her sacred blade, so that he might find humility among humankind. Cherami Leigh Bo 'chenbowow' Chen Immortal Journey Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Divine Sword Irelia Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Emerald Meteorite Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Unflinching Zeal iG View in 3D 1350 23.04.2019 Honoring Duke's winning performance as Irelia during the 2018 World Championship. This is Duke's second World Champion skin, following his win with SKT at the 2016 World Championship. Cherami Leigh Pan Chengwei World Champions: 2018 Loot eligible Legacy New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall PROJECT View in 3D 1350 01.08.2019 A PROJECT castoff who found sanctuary in the lawless wastes, Irelia has led other outcasts like her as they attempt to survive corporate assassins, murderous old-world technology, and widespread ecological collapse. Knowing Warwick could destroy everything she holds dear, she joins the attack on the City to end PROJECT once and for all. Cherami Leigh Maki Planas Mata PROJECT Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Prestige PROJECT View in 3D Special 01.08.2019 There are moments when Irelia and the other outcasts remember who they once were, before PROJECT exiled them into a wasteland filled with sand-blasted monuments to corporate greed. These memories are fleeting, the last flickering images of a long-compromised humanity. Cherami Leigh Xuning Cui, Kudos Production PROJECT Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall This skin is a variant of PROJECT . Store variants are discounted for multiple purchases. High Noon View in 3D 1350 18.06.2020 A fallen angel who escaped the destruction of Heaven, now tainted by ineffable darkness. Irelia has spent years in hiding, thus her return alongside a newly resurrected Senna attests to the presence of powers who would see the heavenly kingdom restored… perhaps for the continued benefit of man, or perhaps for their final damnation. Cherami Leigh Kudos Production High Noon Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Transforming Chromas High Noon Irelia Chromas Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Sentinel View in 3D 1350 08.07.2021 After the fall of the Ionian Grand Temple, Irelia could not stand idly by while her home was ravaged by the Black Mist. Deputized by the Sentinels, she fights the Ruination as one of their comrades: a natural-born leader who understands the threat that Ruined Karma poses, she will stop at nothing to save the Spirit of Ionia. Cherami Leigh Bo 'chenbowow' Chen Sentinels of Light Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Sentinel Irelia Chromas Citrine Emerald Pearl Resolute Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Prestige PROJECT (2022) View in 3D Special 01.04.2022 There are moments when Irelia and the other outcasts remember who they once were, before PROJECT exiled them into a wasteland filled with sand-blasted monuments to corporate greed. These memories are fleeting, the last flickering images of a long-compromised humanity. Cherami Leigh Xuning Cui, Kudos Production PROJECT Loot inelgible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall This skin is a variant of Prestige PROJECT . Store variants are discounted for multiple purchases. Mythmaker View in 3D 1820 12.01.2023 Irelia was always a bystander in the story of “The Great Beast Galio”, watching from the sidelines each year as the story was told again and again… until the day that the Lunar Players crashed into their myth-world, and she found out that her story could change. Now it's time for Irelia to become the hero she wished she could be and write her own destiny. Cherami Leigh Bo 'chenbowow' Chen Mythmaker Loot eligible New voiceover New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Mythmaker Irelia Chromas Emerald Gilded Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Porcelain View in 3D 1350 .. Irelia was dedicated to the preservation of ancient relics long before she became a protector. Her first year at university, she interned at the renowned Archeology Institute. It was the highlight of her short life... until she was granted mythical powers by the Ox Relic and thrust into a centuries-old war. Schoolwork sort of pales in comparison. Cherami Leigh Alsie Lau Porcelain Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Porcelain Irelia Chromas Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Turquoise Patch history [ ] For the expanded patch notes, see here Trivia [ ] According to Kuo-Yen 'Xypherous' Lo , Irelia is based on Himura Kenshin from Rurouni Kenshin . [2] See also [ ] League of Legends Wiki | Champions Cancelled Champions Ao Shin Avasha Averdrian CeeCee Cyborg Cowboy Eagle Rider Gavid Husk Iron Engineer Ivan Omen Priscilla Rob Blackblade Seth Tabu Tiki Urf Well References [ ] ↑ Irelia's profile page at LeagueOfLegends.com ↑ Xypherous, Irelia, and Kenshin