Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Irelia View in 3D 880 / 16-Nov-2010 Nightblade Irelia View in 3D 520 / 16-Nov-2010 Aviator Irelia View in 3D 520 / 16-Nov-2010 Frostblade Irelia View in 3D 975 / 30-Apr-2012 Order of the Lotus Irelia View in 3D 750 / 03-Jun-2015 Divine Sword Irelia View in 3D 1350 / 04-Sep-2018 PROJECT: Irelia View in 3D 1350 / 01-Aug-2019 High Noon Irelia View in 3D 1350 / 18-Jun-2020 Sentinel Irelia View in 3D 1350 / 08-Jul-2021 Mythmaker Irelia View in 3D 1820 / 12-Jan-2023 Divine Sword Irelia Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Emerald Meteorite Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Unflinching Zeal Frostblade Irelia Chromas Golden High Noon Irelia Chromas Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Mythmaker Irelia Chromas Emerald Gilded Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Sentinel Irelia Chromas Citrine Emerald Pearl Resolute Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Legacy Vault Infiltrator Irelia View in 3D 975 / 11-Oct-2011 iG Irelia View in 3D 1350 / 23-Apr-2019 Rare & Limited Prestige PROJECT: Irelia View in 3D Special / 01-Aug-2019 Prestige PROJECT: Irelia (2022) View in 3D Special / 01-Apr-2022 Upcoming Porcelain Irelia View in 3D 1350 / N/A Porcelain Irelia Chromas Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Turquoise Screenshots [ ] Frostblade Irelia (Old) Order of the Lotus Irelia (Old) Classic Irelia (Full Relaunch) Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Defiant Blocks Damage mitigated with Defiant Dance (W) Freesurges Total resets of Bladesurge (Q) Made the Cut Multiple (2+) champion hits with Vanguard's Edge (R) Duet Of Doom Champions stunned with Flawless Duet (E) Jeté Skillshots dodged with Bladesurge (Q) Stack Attack Damage to champions with Ionian Fervor (P) Trivia [ ] Original Irelia Irelia's clothing is heavily influenced by traditional Chinese ribbon dancers and martial artists. Although Irelia's facial features appear to be Caucasian in her League of Legends splash art, it has been clarified Irelia is supposed to be based on East Asian, with her splash art failing to deliver these racial features. [1] [2] This has been reflected in her other canon appearances where Irelia is depicted as more Asian-looking. Aviator Irelia This skin shares the Day Job theme with: Almost-Prom King Amumu Boom Boom Blitzcrank Corporate Mundo Fisherman Fizz French Maid Nidalee ...and others Matador Alistar Prestigious LeBlanc Primetime Draven Prom Queen Annie Scuba Gragas The skin is a reference to Amelia Earhart . The splash art is a reference to old travel postcards, which were popular during her time. The stamp is Xan family's crest before it was shattered to become Irelia's blades. Nightblade Irelia This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali Her old splash had a few references: Her pose refers to Ezio Auditore from Assassin's Creed II . She resembles Black Widow from Marvel Comics . Infiltrator Irelia This skin shares the Silver Age theme with: Augmented Singed Bioforge Darius Chemtech Tryndamere Cryocore Brand Deadly Kennen ...and others Feral Warwick Rocket Girl Tristana Super Kennen Super Teemo Toxic Dr. Mundo She shares some similarities with Sombra from Overwatch , who is also infiltrator. Frostblade Irelia Chromas: Golden This skin shares the Winter Wonder theme with: Frostfire Annie Frozen Prince Mundo Ice King Twitch Poro Rider Sejuani Snow Fawn Poppy ...and others Snow Man Yi Snowstorm Sivir Winter Wonder Karma Winter Wonder Lulu Winter Wonder Orianna During the development of her Champion Relaunch, Rioters internally referred to this skin as "Frostbutt" or "Frost Booty". These were fan names for the skin due to her old artwork emphasizing her behind. [3] Just one patch after her release, patch V1.0.0.142 , her original splash art required some tweeks. Her butt size was increased and it was emphasized more. This skin references Killer Frost . Order of the Lotus Irelia This skin shares the Order of the Lotus theme with: Order of the Lotus Karma The skin set refers to the Avatar series' Order of the White Lotus . Divine Sword Irelia Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Emerald,  Meteorite,  Obsidian,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Unflinching Zeal This skin shares the Immortal Journey theme with: Eternal Sword Yi God Staff Jax Immortal Journey Kayle Immortal Journey Shyvana Immortal Journey Zed ...and others Immortal Journey Zeri Prestige Valiant Sword Riven Prestige Valiant Sword Riven (2022) Soaring Sword Fiora Valiant Sword Riven She was released along with: Enduring Sword Talon In China, Irelia was Talon 's mentor in his training. The Struggle beween demigoddess and dragon king references the dragon-slaying myth , though in this instance, the dragon king, though subdued, survives. She possibly references Chinese solar goddess Xihe , whose chariot was pulled by a dragon. iG Irelia This skin shares the World Champions: 2018 theme with: iG Camille iG Fiora iG Kai'Sa iG LeBlanc iG Rakan She was released in celebration of Invictus Gaming winning the Season 2018 World Championship along with: iG Camille iG Fiora iG Kai'Sa iG LeBlanc iG Rakan She represents Duke . The idea for the Recall animation was thought up by Duke himself and displays his signature. PROJECT: Irelia This skin shares the PROJECT theme with: Prestige PROJECT: Sylas Prestige PROJECT: Zed PROJECT: Akali PROJECT: Ekko PROJECT: Fiora ...and others PROJECT: Leona PROJECT: Renekton PROJECT: Sejuani PROJECT: Sylas PROJECT: Zed PROJECT: Akali's shurikens are featured in the background. Prestige PROJECT: Irelia This skin shares the PROJECT theme with: Prestige PROJECT: Sylas Prestige PROJECT: Zed PROJECT: Akali PROJECT: Ekko PROJECT: Fiora ...and others PROJECT: Leona PROJECT: Renekton PROJECT: Sejuani PROJECT: Sylas PROJECT: Zed The skin depicts PROJECT: Irelia before she was cast out by PROJECT. Her appearance is similar to 2B possibly a reference to NieR: Automata . High Noon Irelia Chromas: Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the High Noon theme with: Bandito Fiddlesticks Cowgirl Miss Fortune High Noon Darius High Noon Hecarim High Noon Leona ...and others High Noon Senna High Noon Thresh Longhorn Alistar Sandscourge Skarner Sheriff Caitlyn She reveals her angelic form at max stacks of Ionian Fervor and during recall animations. Sentinel Irelia Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Pearl,  Resolute,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Sentinels of Light theme with: Sentinel Diana Sentinel Graves Sentinel Olaf Sentinel Pyke Sentinel Rengar Sentinel Riven Sentinel Vayne The skin represents Irelia's canon appearance when joining the Sentinels of Light to fight Viego and his undead army. The skin's splash and that of Ruined Karma represent 2 sides of the same scene. Irelia wearing Karma's base headpiece was a conscious design decision as her wearing it is to remind herself of the land and the woman she was fighting to save, to rescue Darha and restore the spirit of Ionia. [4] Mythmaker Irelia Chromas: Emerald,  Gilded,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Mythmaker theme with: Mythmaker Galio Mythmaker Garen Mythmaker Sivir Mythmaker Zyra Prestige Mythmaker Sivir References [ ] ↑ Stellari on Irelia's appearance ↑ Reav3 on Irelia's appeance ↑ Frostbutt Irelia ↑ Karma's headpiece on Sentinel Irelia