Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Janna View in 3D 585 / 01-Sep-2009 Frost Queen Janna View in 3D 975 / 05-Dec-2011 Forecast Janna View in 3D 1820 / 04-Sep-2013 Star Guardian Janna View in 3D 1350 / 05-Oct-2016 Sacred Sword Janna View in 3D 1350 / 27-Sep-2017 Guardian of the Sands Janna View in 3D 1350 / 22-Jan-2020 Battle Queen Janna View in 3D 1350 / 10-Dec-2020 Crystal Rose Janna View in 3D 1350 / 10-Feb-2022 Cyber Halo Janna View in 3D 1350 / 25-Aug-2022 Battle Queen Janna Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Coronation Obsidian Pearl Peridot Ruby Crystal Rose Janna Chromas Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Cyber Halo Janna Chromas Ace Aquamarine Catseye Pearl Peridot Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Turquoise Guardian of the Sands Janna Chromas Catseye Peridot Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Sacred Sword Janna Chromas Aquamarine Peridot Rose Quartz Sapphire Legacy Vault Tempest Janna View in 3D 520 / 13-Jul-2010 Hextech Janna View in 3D 975 / 08-Nov-2010 Fnatic Janna View in 3D 750 / 24-Sep-2014 Bewitching Janna View in 3D 1350 / 24-Oct-2018 Bewitching Janna Chromas Citrine Emerald Golden Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Rare & Limited Victorious Janna View in 3D Special / 06-Nov-2012 Prestige Cyber Halo Janna View in 3D Special / 25-Aug-2022 Upcoming Heavenscale Janna View in 3D 1350 / 07-Feb-2024 Heavenscale Janna Chromas Amethyst Catseye Emerald Lustrous Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Screenshots [ ] Victorious Janna Forecast Janna Fnatic Janna Classic Janna (Visual VFX Update) Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Fairweather Friends Multiple (2+) champions healed with Monsoon (R) Gales Champions knocked up with Howling Gale (Q) Storm Savior Times lethal damage was prevented with Eye of the Storm (E) Monster Monsoons Multiple champions shoved with Monsoon (R) Wind Resistance Champion damage prevented with Eye of the Storm (E) Winds of Fate Takedowns on champions within 10s of being Slowed by Zephyr (W) Trivia [ ] Original Janna She was one of the first visually updated champions. Original Janna She had shoulder marks (whether scars or tattoos is uncertain) that were not present in-game. Tempest Janna This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali She might be referencing Storm from X-Men . Hextech Janna This skin shares the Hextech theme with: Hextech Alistar Hextech Amumu Hextech Annie Hextech Kassadin Hextech Malzahar ...and others Hextech Poppy Hextech Renekton Hextech Sejuani Hextech Singed Hextech Ziggs This skins lore is a reference to Janna's old lore. Frost Queen Janna This skin shares the Freljord theme with: Freljord Ashe Freljord Rammus Freljord Sylas Freljord Taliyah Frosted Ezreal Tundra Hunter Warwick She might be referencing Shiva from Final Fantasy IX . Victorious Janna This skin shares the Victorious theme with: Victorious Aatrox Victorious Blitzcrank Victorious Elise Victorious Graves Victorious Jarvan IV ...and others Victorious Maokai Victorious Orianna Victorious Sejuani Victorious Sivir Victorious Tryndamere She was unlocked by players who achieved Gold+ in Season 2 (2012) . She might be referencing Rosa Joanna Farrell from Final Fantasy IV . Forecast Janna This skin shares the Day Job theme with: Almost-Prom King Amumu Boom Boom Blitzcrank Corporate Mundo Fisherman Fizz French Maid Nidalee ...and others Matador Alistar Prestigious LeBlanc Primetime Draven Prom Queen Annie Scuba Gragas Alistar , Teemo , and what appears to be a turret can be seen in the background. The Minotaur's presence likely references Twister. In her promo picture, Teemo is seen filming her whilst Surfer Singed is surfing on the background waves with Nami riding on top and a figure on the right, possibly being Pool Party Ziggs . This is her first skin where she doesn't have a staff. Instead she has an umbrella. Her dance references Singin' in the Rain by Gene Kelly . A side-by-side comparison can be seen here . Her Romanian localization references a known newscaster from that nation. She wears a necklace reading 'RGN' (Riot Games News) Urf can be seen rotating within Howling Gale . Zephyr depicts a smiling cloud with a sun referencing weather iconography. When casting Eye of the Storm the 'breaking news' tune plays. The teleprompter from her taunt displays her abilities and Crowstorm . She references Mary Poppins in one of her animations. If Janna was from Earth, this would be her job. The same applies to Dunkmaster Darius and Primetime Draven . Fnatic Janna This skin shares the World Champions: 2011 theme with: Fnatic Corki Fnatic Gragas Fnatic Jarvan IV Fnatic Karthus She was released in celebration of Fnatic winning the Season One World Championship along with: Fnatic Corki Fnatic Gragas Fnatic Jarvan IV Fnatic Karthus She represents Mellisan . Star Guardian Janna This skin shares the Star Guardian Season 1 theme with: Pajama Guardian Lulu Pajama Guardian Lux Star Guardian Jinx Star Guardian Lulu Star Guardian Lux Star Guardian Poppy She references the magical girl genre of anime . Zephyr turns into a flying magical familiar. Possibly a reference to The Dash from the Cardcaptor Sakura series. Sacred Sword Janna Chromas: Aquamarine,  Peridot,  Rose Quartz,  Sapphire This skin shares the Immortal Journey theme with: Eternal Sword Yi God Staff Jax Immortal Journey Kayle Immortal Journey Shyvana Immortal Journey Zed ...and others Immortal Journey Zeri Prestige Valiant Sword Riven Prestige Valiant Sword Riven (2022) Soaring Sword Fiora Valiant Sword Riven This is Janna's second skin where she doesn't carry a staff, the first being Forecast Janna . Bewitching Janna Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Golden,  Rainbow,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Bewitching theme with: Bewitching Fiora Bewitching LeBlanc Bewitching Miss Fortune Bewitching Neeko Bewitching Nidalee ...and others Bewitching Poppy Bewitching Senna Bewitching Yuumi Prestige Bewitching Miss Fortune Prestige Bewitching Miss Fortune (2022) Bewitching Morgana , Bewitching Nidalee , and Bewitching Tristana can be seen in the background of her splash art. This is Janna's third skin where she doesn't carry a staff, the first being Forecast Janna and second Sacred Sword Janna . Instead she has an broom. She was released in celebration of Harrowing 2018 along with: Trick or Treat Ekko Count Kledula Guardian of the Sands Janna Chromas: Catseye,  Peridot,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Guardian of the Sands theme with: Guardian of the Sands Kha'Zix Guardian of the Sands Rammus Guardian of the Sands Rengar Guardian of the Sands Ryze Guardian of the Sands Skarner ...and others Guardian of the Sands Xerath Risen Fiddlesticks Sand Wraith Pyke Sandstorm Ekko Sandstorm Katarina She is similar in appearance to Alarielle from the Warhammer Fantasy universe. Battle Queen Janna Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Coronation,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Peridot,  Ruby This skin shares the Battle Queens theme with: Battle Queen Diana Battle Queen Katarina Battle Queen Qiyana Battle Queen Rell Prestige Battle Queen Diana Crystal Rose Janna Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Crystal Rose theme with: Crystal Rose Akshan Crystal Rose Swain Crystal Rose Zyra Cyber Halo Janna Chromas: Ace,  Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Pearl,  Peridot,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Steel Valkyries theme with: Admiral Glasc Aether Wing Kayle Armored Titan Nasus Blade Mistress Morgana Bullet Angel Kai'Sa Gun Goddess Miss Fortune Prestige Cyber Halo Janna Strike Commander Camille Strike Paladin Lucian Her appearance is similar to Mercy from Overwatch . Prestige Cyber Halo Janna This skin shares the Steel Valkyries theme with: Admiral Glasc Aether Wing Kayle Armored Titan Nasus Blade Mistress Morgana Bullet Angel Kai'Sa Cyber Halo Janna Gun Goddess Miss Fortune Strike Commander Camille Strike Paladin Lucian Her appearance is similar to K/DA ALL OUT Evelynn and K/DA skinline. References [ ]