Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Jax View in 3D 585 / 21-Feb-2009 Jaximus View in 3D 975 / 10-May-2011 Temple Jax View in 3D 750 / 15-Nov-2011 Nemesis Jax View in 3D 975 / 14-Sep-2012 Warden Jax View in 3D 750 / 30-Sep-2015 God Staff Jax View in 3D 1350 / 11-Jan-2018 Mecha Kingdoms Jax View in 3D 1820 / 15-Jan-2020 Empyrean Jax View in 3D 1350 / 03-Nov-2022 Empyrean Jax Chromas Catseye Citrine Emerald Neon Flare Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Turquoise Mecha Kingdoms Jax Chromas Peacekeeper Pearl Peridot Rose Quartz Ruby Nemesis Jax Chromas Amber Brick Cream Legacy Vault The Mighty Jax View in 3D 520 / 12-Feb-2010 Vandal Jax View in 3D 520 / 24-Feb-2010 Angler Jax View in 3D 975 / 08-Jun-2010 SKT T1 Jax View in 3D 750 / 04-May-2014 Conqueror Jax View in 3D 1350 / 29-Apr-2021 Rare & Limited PAX Jax View in 3D Special / 26-Mar-2010 Prestige Conqueror Jax View in 3D Special / 29-Apr-2021 Neo PAX Jax View in 3D Special / 11-Oct-2023 Screenshots [ ] Nemesis Jax SKT T1 Jax Warden Jax Classic Jax (Visual VFX Update) Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Grandmaster's Defense Damage mitigated by Master-At-Arms (R) Relentless Time Time spent at max stacks of Relentless Assault (P) Stick Stunner Multiple (2+) enemy champions stunned with Counter Strike (E) Active: Jax enters Evasion... Champion damage prevented with Counter Strike (E) Jump Stuns Champions Stunned after Leap Striking (Q) into range during Counter Strike (E) Real Weapon Champions hit with using Empower (W) and Master-At-Arms (RP) at the same time Trivia [ ] Original Jax Original Jax His outfit resembles that of the Garo from The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask . An unused version of his artwork once featured a shadowy figure behind him which resembled Aatrox . Original Jax His very first splash art was directly tweaked for the first splash art of his Vandal skin. While more elaborately edited, the first splash art for his The Mighty skin also seems to have borrowed the pose from his first classic splash art. Vandal Jax This skin shares the Vandal theme with: Hired Gun Graves Vandal Brand Vandal Gragas Vandal Twitch Vandal Vladimir As part of Jax's 2023 visual update, the skin was updated to fit the Vandal skinline. Vandal Jax He was the first Vandal skin to be released, though he did not share the theme visually with the other Vandal skins. Jaximus This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali He references the Murmillo and/or the titular Gladiator (Maximus Decimus Meridius). PAX Jax This skin shares the PAX theme with: Neo PAX Jax Neo PAX Sivir PAX Sivir PAX Twisted Fate As a promotional or event limited skin, he was given away at gaming conventions and events and has not, is not and will never be available for purchase in the store. [1] He could only be unlocked by a code given out at Penny Arcade Expo (PAX) East / Prime 2010 & PAX East 2011 . He references the Cardboard Tube Samurai from Penny Arcade . PAX Jax The emblem on the front and back of his clothing resembled Pac-Man . The Mighty Jax This skin shares the Winter Sports theme with: Curling Veigar Festival Kassadin Ice Toboggan Corki Team Spirit Anivia Union Jack Fiddlesticks Vancouver Amumu Whistler Village Twitch He was released in celebration of the 2010 Winter Olympics along with: Vancouver Amumu Team Spirit Anivia Ice Toboggan Corki Union Jack Fiddlesticks Festival Kassadin Whistler Village Twitch Curling Veigar He references The Mighty Ducks and is competing in the ice hockey event at the 2010 Winter Olympics . Angler Jax This skin shares the Day Job theme with: Almost-Prom King Amumu Boom Boom Blitzcrank Corporate Mundo Fisherman Fizz French Maid Nidalee ...and others Matador Alistar Prestigious LeBlanc Primetime Draven Prom Queen Annie Scuba Gragas This skin's current appearance was first released in Wild Rift , before being added to League of Legends as part of Jax's 2023 visual update. This is also the first Wild Rift splash art to be brought over for a Visual Update (and without any changes). His hat features a Tahm Kench -like fish. Temple Jax This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali Temple Jax He wields a fāngtiān huàjǐ 方天畫戟 (lit. "Matching-Heaven Painted Halberd") from the Song dynasty . Nemesis Jax Chromas: Amber,  Brick,  Cream This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali Nemesis Jax He is fighting several soldiers geared like Helmet Bro. SKT T1 Jax This skin shares the World Champions: 2013 theme with: SKT T1 Lee Sin SKT T1 Vayne SKT T1 Zed SKT T1 Zyra He was released in celebration of SKT T1 winning the Season 3 World Championship along with: SKT T1 Lee Sin SKT T1 Vayne SKT T1 Zed SKT T1 Zyra He represents Impact . He wields a polearm adorned with the Summoner's Cup . Primetime Draven can be seen in the background. Warden Jax This skin shares the Warden theme with: Warden Gragas Warden Karma Warden Nautilus Warden Quinn Warden Sivir He might be referencing the Protectorate side of Summoner's Rift . He and Warden Karma are fighting Marauder Alistar and Marauder Olaf . God Staff Jax This skin shares the Immortal Journey theme with: Enduring Sword Talon Eternal Sword Yi Immortal Journey Kayle Immortal Journey Shyvana Immortal Journey Zed ...and others Immortal Journey Zeri Prestige Valiant Sword Riven Prestige Valiant Sword Riven (2022) Soaring Sword Fiora Valiant Sword Riven This skin may have been inspired by the video-game Asura's Wrath , with Jax's appearance closely resembling the game's protagonist, Asura . This is the first skin where his hair is fully visible. Mecha Kingdoms Jax Chromas: Peacekeeper,  Pearl,  Peridot,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Mecha Kingdoms theme with: Mecha Kingdoms Draven Mecha Kingdoms Garen Mecha Kingdoms Leona Mecha Kingdoms Sett Prestige Mecha Kingdoms Garen Conqueror Jax This skin shares the Conqueror theme with: Conqueror Alistar Conqueror Karma Conqueror Nautilus Conqueror Varus Prestige Conqueror Jax He summons the MSI 2021 trophy in his recall animation. He was designed to be visually different from the other Conqueror skins, in order to match the 2021 MSI visual and creative direction. [2] Prestige Conqueror Jax This skin shares the Conqueror theme with: Conqueror Alistar Conqueror Jax Conqueror Karma Conqueror Nautilus Conqueror Varus He summons the MSI 2021 trophy in his recall animation. He was designed to be visually different from the other Conqueror skins, in order to match the 2021 MSI visual and creative direction. [3] Empyrean Jax Chromas: Catseye,  Citrine,  Emerald,  Neon Flare,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Empyrean theme with: Empyrean Jhin Empyrean K'Sante Empyrean Lux Empyrean Pyke Empyrean Vex Empyrean Zac Empyrean Zed Prestige Empyrean K'Sante Neo PAX Jax This skin shares the PAX theme with: Neo PAX Sivir PAX Jax PAX Sivir PAX Twisted Fate This skin was released alongside Jax's 2023 visual update. References [ ] ↑ Guide to Legacy and Limited Skins ↑ Bellissimoh on Conqueror Jax ↑ Bellissimoh on Conqueror Jax