Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Jayce View in 3D 880 / 06-Jul-2012 Full Metal Jayce View in 3D 1350 / 06-Jul-2012 Debonair Jayce View in 3D 975 / 14-Feb-2013 Forsaken Jayce View in 3D 1350 / 03-May-2015 Jayce Brighthammer View in 3D 750 / 17-Nov-2016 Battle Academia Jayce View in 3D 1350 / 15-May-2019 Resistance Jayce View in 3D 1350 / 12-Nov-2020 Arcane Jayce View in 3D 975 / 08-Nov-2021 Zenith Games Jayce View in 3D 1350 / 09-Sep-2022 Battle Academia Jayce Chromas Emerald Formal Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Resistance Jayce Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Zenith Games Jayce Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Screenshots [ ] Classic Jayce Full Metal Jayce Debonair Jayce Forsaken Jayce Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Electric Executor Champions hit by Shock Blasts (Q) at greater than default range due to Accelleration Gate (E) Like a Nail Damage to champions with Thundering Blow (Mercury Hammer E) Popularity Contest Multiple (2+) champion hits with To The Skies!/Shock Blast (Q) Crackling Might Damage to champions with Lightning Field (W) and Hyper Charge (W) Hammer Time Magic damage to champions with Mercury Hammer's first Attack Hammer, Meet Nail Champions damaged by Mercury Cannon's To the Skies! (Q), Lightning Field (W) and Thundering Blow (E) within 6s Trivia [ ] Original Jayce He might be referencing the Hammerite and/or Mechanist factions from Thief . He resembles The War Mage from Orcs Must Die! and Captain Hammer from Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog . Full Metal Jayce This skin shares the Heavy Metal theme with: Full Machine Viktor Full Metal Pantheon Full Metal Rammus Nunu & Willump Bot He might be referencing Iron Man . His helmet resembles Samus Aran's from Metroid . The skin's internal name is Sentinel Jayce . Note that this is not related in any way to the Sentinels of Light . Debonair Jayce This skin shares the Debonair theme with: Debonair Brand Debonair Draven Debonair Ezreal Debonair LeBlanc Debonair Leona ...and others Debonair Malzahar Debonair Master Yi Debonair Vi Debonair Zed Prestige Debonair Brand He was released in celebration of Valentine's Day 2013 . The background might be influenced by Art Deco and Jayce himself by Jay Gatsby from The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald . He resembles Jean Dujardin and Roger Smith from The Big O . He references James Bond ( Sean Connery incarnation) and Tony Stark ( Iron Man ) His recalling references Tango . Forsaken Jayce This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali He resembles Ronan the Accuser from Marvel Comics . He references the Sith from Star Wars . His recalling references The Force . His sound effects reference the Dark side of the Force . He is fighting Chosen Master Yi (can be seen in the foreground) who in turn references the Jedi Order . He was released on Star Wars Day ( "May the Fourth be with you" ) His release site references the Code of the Sith and the Jedi Code . Jayce Brighthammer This skin shares the Rift Quest theme with: Bard Bard Braum Lionheart Demolisher Nunu & Willump Gragas Caskbreaker Lord Darius ...and others Rageborn Mundo Rugged Garen Ryze Whitebeard Sejuani Dawnchaser Twitch Shadowfoot His splash art is part of a larger picture in which he is fighting alongside Bard Bard and Sejuani Dawnchaser . He was released along with: Bard Bard Karthus Lightsbane Sejuani Dawnchaser He references a traditional tabletop role-playing game . He has a Refillable Potion , and a Chalice of Harmony strapped to his belt. The Roman numeral for four (IV) and eight (XIII) can be seen on his shoulder pauldron. He resembles Uther the Lightbringer from the Warcraft series. Battle Academia Jayce Chromas: Emerald,  Formal,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Battle Academia theme with: Battle Academia Caitlyn Battle Academia Garen Battle Academia Leona Battle Academia Lux Battle Academia Wukong ...and others Battle Principal Yuumi Battle Professor Graves Prestige Battle Academia Leona Prestige Battle Academia Lux Prestige Battle Academia Lux (2022) Battle Academia Ezreal and Battle Academia Lux can be seen in the background of his splash art, as well as Battle Professor Graves and Battle Principal Yuumi . Resistance Jayce Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Battlecast theme with: Battlecast Nasus Battlecast Urgot Battlecast Xerath Battlecast Zac Battlecast Alpha Skarner ...and others Battlecast Prime Cho'Gath Resistance Caitlyn Resistance Illaoi Resistance Singed Resistance Yorick Resistance Illaoi can be seen in the background of his splash art. Jayce was revealed to be the leader of the Resistance force a long time before the skin release. Arcane Jayce This skin shares the Arcane theme with: Arcane Caitlyn Arcane Jinx Arcane Vi Firelight Ekko This is his appearance during Arcane (TV Series) . This splash art is inspired by the Happy Progress Day! Episode, but the hammer was created a moment later . References [ ]