Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Jinx View in 3D 880 / 09-Oct-2013 Crime City Jinx View in 3D 975 / 09-Oct-2013 Firecracker Jinx View in 3D 1350 / 10-Feb-2015 Star Guardian Jinx View in 3D 1820 / 05-Oct-2016 Odyssey Jinx View in 3D 1350 / 12-Sep-2018 PROJECT: Jinx View in 3D 1350 / 01-Aug-2019 Arcane Jinx View in 3D 975 / 24-Nov-2021 Battle Cat Jinx View in 3D 1350 / 31-Mar-2022 Cafe Cuties Jinx View in 3D 1350 / 25-Oct-2023 Battle Cat Jinx Chromas Catseye Emerald Nightwire Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Cafe Cuties Jinx Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Firecracker Jinx Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Citrine Emerald Golden Tiger Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Odyssey Jinx Chromas Aquamarine Emerald Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite PROJECT: Jinx Chromas Aquamarine Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Reckoning Rose Quartz Ruby Star Guardian Jinx Chromas Mythic Legacy Vault Zombie Slayer Jinx View in 3D 1350 / 05-Nov-2015 Ambitious Elf Jinx View in 3D 1350 / 12-Dec-2017 Heartseeker Jinx View in 3D 1350 / 04-Feb-2020 Heartseeker Jinx Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Pearl Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Rare & Limited Prestige Battle Cat Jinx View in 3D Special / 31-Mar-2022 Screenshots [ ] Classic Jinx Mafia Jinx Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 From Downtown Full damage dealt to champions with Super Mega Death Rocket! (R) Full Throttle Time spent at max stacks of Rev Up (QP) Hype! Times Get Excited! (P) triggered while already in effect Blown to Powder Champions hit at over 600 range with Fishbones (Q) It Worked! Damage to champions rooted by Flame Chompers (E) Shooting Range Champions hit with Zap! (W) at greater than 75% of max range Trivia [ ] Original Jinx The background is the same as Original Vi's but in ruins. The background of Caitlyn's splash art may be the inside of the building behind Jinx. The building may be the prison where Urgot is kept. In early stages, the minigun was named Mr. Pew-Pew and had a cat face painted on its guncannon. Crime City Jinx This skin shares the Crime City theme with: Crime City Braum Crime City Graves Crime City Miss Fortune Crime City Twitch Gragas, Esq. Knockout Lee Sin Crime City Miss Fortune and Crime City Twitch can be seen in the background together with Urgot and Twisted Fate's Blue Cards . She is dressed like a flapper . Pow-Pow being hidden in a violin case is a reference to Film noir . Her dance is a reference to the Charleston dance while the phonograph beside her plays 'Get Jinxed' 1920's style. She is the second non-Legendary skin to have special voice-over lines (the others being Jaximus , Mecha Kha'Zix , Pentakill Karthus , and Battlecast Vel'Koz ). Firecracker Jinx Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Citrine,  Emerald,  Golden Tiger,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz This skin shares the Lunar Revel: Firecracker theme with: Dragonwing Corki Firecracker Diana Firecracker Sejuani Firecracker Sett Firecracker Teemo ...and others Firecracker Vayne Firecracker Xin Zhao Panda Annie Prestige Firecracker Vayne Prestige Firecracker Vayne (2022) She was released in celebration of Lunar Revel 2015 (Year of the Goat ) along with: Warring Kingdoms Katarina Warring Kingdoms Nidalee This skin was inspired from a fan-created concept sketch by Anti-Pioneer and was released 9 days before Chinese New Year 2015. Her Chroma pack was the first one released in Season 7 . Zombie Slayer Jinx This skin shares the Zombies VS Slayers theme with: Zombie Brand Zombie Nunu & Willump Zombie Ryze Zombie Slayer Pantheon Zombie Brand , Zombie Nunu and Zombie Slayer Pantheon can be seen in the background. She was released in celebration of Harrowing 2015 along with: Zombie Nunu Zombie Slayer Pantheon Before Pantheon's Full Relaunch, this skin was called "Slayer Jinx" . The original concept for a zombie-killing Jinx was a real-world zombie apocalypse survivor. However, designers decided to change the idea to zombie slayer since it'd fit better her personality. When talking about zombie-killing theme, Jinx was the first champion thought for the concept. She uses homemade weaponry: a V-twin motorcycle engine minigun , a launcher for molotov cocktails and speedy propane tanks, a launchable taser and some 'severed-heads chompers' . Star Guardian Jinx Chromas: Mythic This skin shares the Star Guardian Season 1 theme with: Pajama Guardian Lulu Pajama Guardian Lux Star Guardian Janna Star Guardian Lulu Star Guardian Lux Star Guardian Poppy She is a reference to the magical girl genre of anime . Her back-tattoed wings and star effects reference Sakura Kinomoto from Cardcaptor Sakura . While ulting, two black and white wings grow from her tattoos referencing The Fly from Sakura's anime. Her hairstyle is a reference to the Black Lady from Sailor Moon and Kyoko Sakura from Puella Magi Madoka Magica . Her new pets, Shiro and Kuro , respectively replace Pow-Pow and Fishbones. They are the embodiment of Jinx's ferocious and troubled dual personality . In Japanese, Shiro ( 白 , シロ ) means 'white' and Kuro ( 黒 , クロ ) means 'black'. These names are a reference to the two young protagonists of the same name from the manga/anime movie Tekkonkinkreet . Both are known as "the cats", the familiar spirits of Jinx, Kuro , have feline features. The premise and main character of the manga/movie may have influenced the character development for Powder and Violet for Arcane (specifically in Act 1) [1] . There is an Easter Egg in episode 3 where familiar's wings appear in one of Powder's drawings. They're fused together into her Super Mega Death Rocket and their faces appear in the explosion. Her dance is a reference to " Ievan Polkka Dance ". "What do you think? Mercy or mayhem?" is a reference to a common moral choice in video games with diverging storylines. When dying, Jinx cries out, "The horror! The horror!" This is a reference to the last words of Mr. Kurtz in oseph Conrad's novel Heart of Darkness . This skin was inspired from a fan-created skin concept by Selin Aydin . Ambitious Elf Jinx This skin shares the Snowdown Showdown theme with: Candy Cane Miss Fortune Festive Maokai Happy Elf Teemo Mistletoe LeBlanc Nutcracko ...and others Re-Gifted Amumu Santa Draven Santa Gragas Snow Bunny Nidalee Workshop Nunu & Willump She was released in celebration of Snowdown Showdown 2017 along with: Santa Draven Snow Fawn Poppy Her flame chompers is a christmas version of Get Jinxed monkey toy. Her splash art shows her ingame homeguard and recall animations: Jinx riding a toy train. Odyssey Jinx Chromas: Aquamarine,  Emerald,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Odyssey theme with: Galaxy Slayer Zed Odyssey Aatrox Odyssey Karma Odyssey Kayn Odyssey Kha'Zix ...and others Odyssey Sivir Odyssey Sona Odyssey Twisted Fate Odyssey Yasuo Odyssey Ziggs An Ora orb can be found in her launcher . Her flame chompers resembles Odyssey Malphite's face. Instead of shooting Super Mega Death Rocket! from her guns, she creates a portal and shoots out a meteor instead. She is seen riding atop Odyssey Malphite . Her design resembles Lilith from Borderlands and Junkrat from Overwatch . PROJECT: Jinx Chromas: Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Reckoning,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the PROJECT theme with: Prestige PROJECT: Sylas Prestige PROJECT: Zed PROJECT: Akali PROJECT: Ekko PROJECT: Fiora ...and others PROJECT: Leona PROJECT: Renekton PROJECT: Sejuani PROJECT: Sylas PROJECT: Zed PROJECT: Akali can be seen in the background of her splash art. Her aesthetic seems to have inspired from the Batman Beyond series (both Terry McGinnis and the Jokerz gang). Heartseeker Jinx Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Pearl,  Rainbow,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Heartbreakers theme with: Heartbreaker Vi Heartpiercer Fiora Heartseeker Orianna Heartseeker Quinn Heartseeker Varus ...and others Heartseeker Vayne Heartseeker Yuumi Sweetheart Annie Sweetheart Sona Sweetheart Xayah In the color palette of her Pearl chroma set, her hair color reminds him of Monokuma from the Danganronpa series but vertically inverse. In the color palette of her Rainbow chroma set, her hair color is identical to Zoe, The Aspect of Twilight . She shares her splash art with Heartseeker Yuumi . Sweetheart Annie and Heartseeker Orianna can be seen in the background of their splash art. Arcane Jinx This skin shares the Arcane theme with: Arcane Caitlyn Arcane Jayce Arcane Vi Firelight Ekko This is her appearance during Arcane (TV Series) . She's at a bridge about to face off against Ekko, leader of the Firelights gang ( S01E07 ). Her pants make a reference to the character Gaslight Joker from Infinite Crisis , coming from the A Tales of Batman: Gotham by Gaslight comic. In the recall animation, Jinx takes her picture of Powder and Violet similar to a shot from a scene in episode 1 . It is very different in League of Legends: Wild Rift , where Jinx uses the recreational game Vi used in her training basing scene from episode 5 . Battle Cat Jinx Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Nightwire,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Anima Squad theme with: Battle Bat Vayne Battle Bunny Miss Fortune Battle Bunny Prime Riven Battle Wolf Sylas Prestige Battle Cat Jinx Prestige Battle Cat Jinx This skin shares the Anima Squad theme with: Battle Bat Vayne Battle Bunny Miss Fortune Battle Bunny Prime Riven Battle Cat Jinx Battle Wolf Sylas Her face paint is reminiscent of D.Va from Overwatch . This skin is the last installment of the older Prestige style prior to the Mythic Content Overhaul . Cafe Cuties Jinx Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Cafe Cuties theme with: Cafe Cuties Annie Cafe Cuties Bard Cafe Cuties Gwen Cafe Cuties Lulu Cafe Cuties Poppy Cafe Cuties Rumble Cafe Cuties Sivir Cafe Cuties Soraka Cafe Cuties Vladimir References [ ] ↑ Reddit edivence