For information about the species , see Blast Cone (Species) , Honeyfruit (Species) , or Scryer's Bloom (Species) . Jungle plants (or Living Jungle ) are in-game elements that spawn in the jungle and river on Summoner's Rift , which have a variety of effects when destroyed. There are three types of plants: Blast Cone , Honeyfruit and Scryer's Bloom . Plant effects [ ] Plants have 1 health and can be attacked to trigger them instantly, upon which they die and trigger a special effect. Plant Effect Blast Cone Triggers an explosion that causes all nearby units, including the attacker, within a 325 radius to be displaced up to 900 units away. This can send units over terrain. All units are revealed during the displacement. Honeyfruit Drops 5 fruits on the ground for 30 seconds. Champions moving over a fruit consume them to restore 6% maximum mana plus the greater amount between 3. 5 % maximum health and 14 − 116 (based on level) health , but are slowed by 35% for 0. 25 seconds. Scryer's Bloom Releases pollen in a large cone that flies in the direction the attacker was facing, revealing enemy champions hit for 3 seconds and non-champion enemies hit for 12 seconds. Plant spawns [ ] Plants spawn as inactive seeds and take 60 seconds to become usable. The spawn locations for the first wave of plants is predetermined, while subsequent plants can spawn in at least one other spot. Plant Spawn Map Blast Cone Two spawn locations within each quadrant, with one in both red quadrants providing access into the Dragon and Baron pits. First inner cone spawns between 1:15 and 1:25. First outer cone spawns between 9:00 and 9:30. Inner cone respawn time is between 5 and 7 minutes. Outer cone respawn time is between 5. 5 and 6. 5 minutes. Red : Blast Cone Green : Honeyfruit Blue : Scryer's Bloom Honeyfruit Multiple spawn locations along river walls, starting near Dragon or Baron pits and slowly extending closer toward lanes over the course of the game. First spawns between 6:00 and 6:30. Respawn time is between 5. 5 and 7 minutes. If a Honeyfruit isn't taken before its respawn timer completes, a second Honeyfruit may spawn. No more than two Honeyfruits can exist per half of the river. Scryer's Bloom Two spawn locations within each quadrant, close to river ramps. First spawns between 3:00 and 3:30, always at each quadrant's spawn point nearest to the side lanes. Next-spawn time is between 5 and 6. 5 minutes at either spawn point, starting once a given quadrant's Scryer's Bloom is destroyed. Only one Scryer's Bloom can be present per quadrant. Elemental Rift [ ] All Elemental Rift types except for Hextech Rift and Mountainous Rift spawn additional jungle plants. The Honeyfruit on the Ocean Rift spawn 30 seconds after the rift's transformation and have a respawn timer of 2 minutes. On the Chemtech Rift , there are additional Honeyfruit and Scryer's Blooms that are spawned. Additionally all jungle plant types are enhanced with different effects. Blast Cone's displacement radius is doubled. Honeyfruit's slow is removed and it now grants a bonus shield. Scryer's Bloom's reveal radius is extended to its surroundings and its reveal is empowered to reduce the health of detected wards. In addition, champions of the attacker's team, including themselves, that are hit by the pollen gain bonus movement speed for a few seconds while facing in the direction of the reveal's cone radius. 8 additional Honeyfruit are each spawned: In front of the stone formations in each base (4). By the entrances to the river near each Raptors camp (2). By the Murk Wolves camp in the third jungle quadrant (1). By the Blue Sentinel camp in the first jungle quadrant (1). 14 additional Scryer's Bloom are each spawned: In front of each of the bases' gates (4). Near both bases' inner turrets in the top and bottom lanes (4). By the Murk Wolves camps (2). By the Red Brambleback camps (2). By the tri-brushes leading to an entrance to the river in the top and bottom lanes (2). On the Cloud Rift , 6 additional Scryer's Blooms are each spawned: In front of each of the bases' gates (4). By the tri-brushes near the river in the top and bottom lanes (2). On the Infernal Rift , 10 additional Blast Cones are each spawned: In front of each of the bases' gates (4). By the Gromp camps (2). By the Murk Wolves camps (2). In the alcoves in the top and bottom lanes (2). On the Ocean Rift , 4 additional Honeyfruit are each spawned: By the Red Brambleback camps (2). Within the entrances to the middle lane by the river and closest to the inner turrets (2). Notes [ ] Blast Cone displays a self-only landing indicator to champions in the blast radius. Spells interact inconsistently with Blast Cone's knock up based on which team triggered it: Allies are given a dash buff during the knock up if the Blast Cone was triggered by their team. This means effects such as Sudden Impact and an enemy Poppy's Steadfast Presence will trigger. Last Breath can be used on targets knocked up by Blast Cone only if the plant was triggered by an enemy of the target. Daredevil Impulse's empowered attack will not trigger against the knock up at all. (bug) Black Shield , Riposte , and Void Shift will only resist the knock up by Blast Cone if an enemy triggered the plant. All other crowd control immunities and displacement immunities will prevent the knock up by Blast Cone even if an ally or enemy triggered the plant. Ragnarok will not resist the displacement caused by the 10 additional Blast Cones spawned by Infernal Rift if they're triggered by Olaf . (bug) Blast Cone's airborne effect can be cleansed regardless of whether the plant was triggered by an ally or enemy. Blast Cone's knock up is only blocked by spell shield if the plant was triggered by an enemy. Aftershock will only trigger if the plant knocked up an enemy. Blasting an ally will give an assist if that ally kills an enemy champion shortly after. Blasting an enemy will give an assist that enemy dies shortly after. Eating a Honeyfruit will not trigger combat status. Each fruit from a Honeyfruit restores 5 energy for Energy champions, 5 Fury on Renekton and Tryndamere , and 2 Fury on Shyvana . If a Honeyfruit drops its fruits near a Rift Scuttler , she will dash to the closest fruit and eat it, blocking the fruit for up to 10 seconds, after which the fruit disappears. Attacking the Rift Scuttler while she's eating a fruit will make her run away, making the fruit available again. Scryer's Bloom displays a self-only range indicator to champions on mouse-over, showing which direction the pollen will fly. All of the jungle plants have a unit radius of 80. Media [ ] Blast Cone Mutated Blast Cone from Chemtech Rift Blast Cone's indicator Blast Cone explosion Honeyfruit Mutated Honeyfruit from Chemtech Rift Honeyfruit's dropped fruits Honeyfruit consumption Rift Scuttler eating a Honeyfruit Scryer's Bloom Mutated Scryer's Bloom from Chemtech Rift Scryer's Bloom's indicator Scryer's Bloom's cone reveal radius Patch History [ ] V13.10 Blast Cone spawn timer increased to 9:00 - 9:30 from 5:00 - 5:30. Unknown patch Undocumented: Triggering the plant now causes you and allies hit to be considered airborne while being knocked away. V12.22 New Effect: Jungle plants can now become mutated by the Chemtech Rift , empowering them with additional effects. V12.12 Blast Cone Undocumented: Triggering the plant no longer causes you and allies hit to be considered airborne while being knocked away. V11.22 Blast Cone Bug Fix: No longer applies Horizon Focus' Focus Fire to allies that are knocked back. V10.12 Cloud Rift New Effect: Bonus Scryer's Blooms added to the entrances of the jungle. In front of each base's gates. In front of each tri-brush in the river. Infernal Rift New Effect: Bonus Blast Cones added to the entrances of the jungle and Alcoves. Near each tri-bush near Gromp. By the Wolf Camp. In front of each base's gates. In the alcoves. V9.15 Bug Fix: Plants' VFX no longer sometimes remain behind when killed. V8.4 Blast Cone First outer cone spawn increased to (between 5:00 and 5:30) from (between 2:05 and 2:20). V7.6 Blast Cone Undocumented: Indicator to show where champion will land made more fluid and color slightly changed. V7.4 General Kled's Violent Tendencies no longer activates when used on plants. Scryer's Bloom New Effect: Now "tags" wards for the revealed bonus. V7.2 Honeyfruit Initial spawn timer increased to between 6:00 and 6:30 from between 5:00 and 5:30. Rift Scuttler s now eat nearby Honeyfruit. V7.1 General Once scouted, plants continue emitting idle VFX through fog of war. Attacking plants no longer puts Kha'Zix in combat, preventing Void Assault's out-of-combat invisibility from activating upon entering brush. Blast Cone Malzahar and Rengar can now be affected by allied Blast Cone triggers during their spell immunity effects. Honeyfruit Pickup radius of fruits slightly reduced. Scryer's Bloom Auto-pings on revealed champions have been toned down to be distinguishable from player-issued pings. New Effect: Revealed wards now trigger a small auto-ping. V6.24 General Champion passives which proc on basic attack ( Caitlyn's Headshot , Nocturne's Umbra Blades ) are no longer consumed when attacking a plant (similar to attacking turrets or wards). Draven's Spinning Axe no longer bounces off plants. Instead, the duration is refreshed (similar to attacking turrets). Poppy's Iron Ambassador now bounces back to her when attacking a plant (similar to killing a unit). V6.23 General Plants are now immune to critical strikes and lifesteal. Blast Cone Bug Fix: Fixed a bug where Hecarim's Devastating Charge caused Blast Cones to launch him forward instead of backward. Bug Fix: Fixed a bug where enemies sometimes flickered out of vision when jumping with a Blast Cone . Honeyfruit Bug Fix: Fixed a bug where consuming Honeyfruit flagged you as "in combat" for the purpose of various out of combat passives. Bug Fix: Fixed a bug where dashing or moving very quickly over Honeyfruit would sometimes fail to pick them up. Scryer's Bloom Updated the indicator textures to be less noisy and misleading. V6.22 Added Blast Cone Knocks away nearby units (including the attacker) when destroyed, even over walls. Honeyfruit Trigger: Drops 5 fruits on the ground when killed. Each fruit heals for 3. 5 % maximum health or 14 − 116 (based on level) flat health, whichever is higher, but slows you for 35% for 0. 25 seconds. Scryer's Bloom Trigger: When destroyed, releases vision-granting pollen in a large cone that flies in the direction the attacker was facing, revealing units and wards for 12 seconds (3 seconds on champions). Map Features General Brush Inhibitor Lanes Nexus Nexus Obelisk Shop Spawn Terrain Turret Summoner's Rift Base gate Jungle plants Speed Shrine Howling Abyss Health Relic Twisted Treeline (Removed) Altar Ghost Relic Crystal Scar (Removed) Capture point Health Relic Greater Relic Speed Shrine