Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Karma View in 3D 790 / 01-Feb-2011 Sakura Karma View in 3D 520 / 01-Feb-2011 Order of the Lotus Karma View in 3D 975 / 01-Oct-2014 Warden Karma View in 3D 750 / 30-Sep-2015 Dark Star Karma View in 3D 1350 / 13-Jun-2019 Odyssey Karma View in 3D 1350 / 15-Oct-2020 Ruined Karma View in 3D 1350 / 21-Jan-2021 Tranquility Dragon Karma View in 3D 1350 / 21-Oct-2021 Faerie Queen Karma View in 3D 1820 / 23-Mar-2023 Dark Star Karma Chromas Aquamarine Meteorite Pearl Peridot Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Faerie Queen Karma Chromas Catseye Emerald Obsidian Ruby Sapphire Winsome Odyssey Karma Chromas Aquamarine Citrine Merc Pearl Peridot Rose Quartz Ruby Turquoise Ruined Karma Chromas Citrine Cursed Emerald Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Tranquility Dragon Karma Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Emberclaw Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Legacy Vault Sun Goddess Karma View in 3D 750 / 01-Feb-2011 Traditional Karma View in 3D 975 / 29-Mar-2013 Winter Wonder Karma View in 3D 1350 / 14-Dec-2016 Conqueror Karma View in 3D 975 / 23-Apr-2017 Conqueror Karma Chromas Golden Rare & Limited Dawnbringer Karma View in 3D Special / 12-Dec-2019 Dawnbringer Karma Chromas Amethyst Catseye Paragon Peridot Rose Quartz Ruby Canceled Bladestorm Karma Special / N/A Screenshots [ ] Classic Karma (Full Relaunch) Traditional Karma Warden Karma Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Divine Flow Mantra (R) cooldown reduced by activating Gathering Fire (P) Menacing Mantras Champions hit by Soul Flare (Empowered Q) Stubborn Blocks Damage mitigated by Inspire (E) or Defiance (Empowered E) Call of Ionia Takedowns within 10s of casting Defiance (Empowered E) Impermanence Healing from Renewal (Empowered W) Peace in Stillness Champions rooted with Focused Resolve (W) and Renewal (Empowered W) Trivia [ ] Original Karma Floating behind her is a Mantle of Decorum (Ionia's highest decoration) modeled after the nation's crest. Sakura Karma This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali She wears Edo period's kimono and hairstyle. She is named after the Japanese Cherry blossom . When she dances she uses the fans she used to have before her relaunch. They feature the Banner of Peace from the Roerich Pact . Karma has heterochromia in her Chinese artwork . Sun Goddess Karma This skin shares the Worldbreaker theme with: Spirit Fire Brand Worldbreaker Hecarim Worldbreaker Malzahar Worldbreaker Maokai Worldbreaker Nasus Worldbreaker Nautilus Worldbreaker Sion Worldbreaker Trundle Her outfit and the background reference the Maya , the Aztec , and other Mesoamerican civilizations. The murals to her left are depicting herself and Worldbreaker Nasus . However, Mesoamerican solar deities are often masculine: like Mayan Kinich Ahau , Aztec Huitzilopochtli , etc. her title also references Sun Goddesses from Indo-European , Chinese , Japanese mythologies, as well as many others . When she dances, she uses the fans she used to have before her relaunch. Her sigil can be seen floating on top of the pyramid in the background. Traditional Karma This skin shares the Traditional theme with: Traditional Lee Sin Traditional Sejuani Traditional Trundle This is her first incarnation before she was reworked . She uses her old voiceover. Her outfit references Yin and yang . When she dances, she uses the fans she used to have before her relaunch. Order of the Lotus Karma This skin shares the Order of the Lotus theme with: Order of the Lotus Irelia She was first conceived by NA Summoner 'Uracle'. She is named after and her outfit is inspired by the eponymous flower . When she dances, she uses the fans she used to have before her relaunch. When recalling she does a Fan dance (like Jade Fang Cassiopeia does). Her ability effects resemble Lunar Goddess Diana . She received tweaks to her face in patch 7.7 when Karma got her splashes updated. This was done to unify her face across all of Karma's splashes. Warden Karma This skin shares the Warden theme with: Warden Gragas Warden Jax Warden Nautilus Warden Quinn Warden Sivir She references the Protectorate side of Summoner's Rift . She and Warden Jax are fighting Marauder Alistar and Marauder Olaf . Winter Wonder Karma This skin shares the Winter Wonder theme with: Frostfire Annie Frozen Prince Mundo Ice King Twitch Poro Rider Sejuani Snow Fawn Poppy ...and others Snow Man Yi Snowstorm Sivir Winter Wonder Lulu Winter Wonder Neeko Winter Wonder Orianna She was released in celebration of Snowdown Showdown 2016 along with: Santa Braum Snow Day Graves Conqueror Karma Chromas: Golden This skin shares the Conqueror theme with: Conqueror Alistar Conqueror Jax Conqueror Nautilus Conqueror Varus Prestige Conqueror Jax She was released in celebration of the start of Season 2017 . Nocturne can be seen in the background. Dark Star Karma Chromas: Aquamarine,  Meteorite,  Pearl,  Peridot,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the Dark Star theme with: Dark Cosmic Jhin Dark Cosmic Lissandra Dark Cosmic Lux Dark Cosmic Erasure Jhin Dark Star Cho'Gath ...and others Dark Star Orianna Dark Star Shaco Dark Star Thresh Dark Star Varus Dark Star Xerath Dark Star Rhaast Dawnbringer Karma Chromas: Amethyst,  Catseye,  Paragon,  Peridot,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Nightbringer and Dawnbringer theme with: Dawnbringer Nidalee Dawnbringer Renekton Dawnbringer Vex Dawnbringer Yone Nightbringer Aphelios ...and others Nightbringer Kayn Nightbringer Nasus Nightbringer Tryndamere Nightbringer Vladimir Prestige Nightbringer Kayn This was the flagship skin for the Riot Games Social Impact Fund . All proceeds for the skin would go to various charity funds around the world. Odyssey Karma Chromas: Aquamarine,  Citrine,  Merc,  Pearl,  Peridot,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Turquoise This skin shares the Odyssey theme with: Galaxy Slayer Zed Odyssey Aatrox Odyssey Jinx Odyssey Kayn Odyssey Kha'Zix ...and others Odyssey Sivir Odyssey Sona Odyssey Twisted Fate Odyssey Yasuo Odyssey Ziggs Odyssey Kha'Zix and Odyssey Sivir can be seen in the foreground of her splash art while Karma herself is holding a disk that is holographic projecting the Morning Star ship. Ruined Karma Chromas: Citrine,  Cursed,  Emerald,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Ruined theme with: Gangplank the Betrayer Prestige Ascended Pantheon Ruined Draven Ruined Miss Fortune Ruined Pantheon Ruined Shyvana Sea Dog Yasuo Unbound Thresh The skin represents Karma after she gets possessed by the Ruination caused by Viego . Tranquility Dragon Karma Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Emberclaw,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Dragonmancers theme with: Dragonmancer Fiora Dragonmancer Kassadin Dragonmancer Vayne Duality Dragon Volibear Eternal Dragon Brand ...and others Lagoon Dragon Kai'Sa Obsidian Dragon Sett Prestige Duality Dragon Volibear Prestige Obsidian Dragon Sett Steel Dragon Thresh Faerie Queen Karma Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Winsome This skin shares the Faerie Court theme with: Faerie Court Ezreal Faerie Court Fiora Faerie Court Kalista Faerie Court Katarina Faerie Court Milio Faerie Court Seraphine Prestige Faerie Court Katarina References [ ]