Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Karthus View in 3D 790 / 11-Jun-2009 Statue of Karthus View in 3D 520 / 03-Jul-2010 Grim Reaper Karthus View in 3D 975 / 26-Sep-2010 Pentakill Karthus View in 3D 750 / 29-Aug-2011 Karthus Lightsbane View in 3D 975 / 17-Nov-2016 Infernal Karthus View in 3D 1350 / 16-Jul-2020 Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Karthus View in 3D 1350 / 09-Sep-2021 Elderwood Karthus View in 3D 1350 / 28-Jun-2023 Elderwood Karthus Chromas Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Grim Reaper Karthus Chromas Blight Burn Frostbite Infernal Karthus Chromas Amethyst Citrine Emerald Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Karthus Chromas Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Legacy Vault Phantom Karthus View in 3D 460 / 13-Jan-2010 Fnatic Karthus View in 3D 750 / 24-Sep-2014 Screenshots [ ] Classic Karthus (Visual Update) Fnatic Karthus Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Posthumous Kills Champions killed while in Death Defied (P) Requiem for a Team Champions killed with Requiem (R) Wastes Isolated champions hit with Lay Waste (Q) Never Wasted Consecutive hits on a champion with Lay Waste (Q) Uncomfortably Numb Damage taken by champions due to Wall of Pain's (W) Magic Resist reduction Whirlpool of Death Damage to champions with Defile (E) Trivia [ ] Original Karthus This depicts him using Defile . Phantom Karthus This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali He is the only skin priced at 460 . Statue of Karthus This skin shares the Wonders of the World theme with: Bear Cavalry Sejuani Masked Shaco Oktoberfest Gragas Outback Renekton Panda Teemo ...and others Sultan Tryndamere Uncle Ryze Viking Tryndamere Vizier Malzahar Winged Hussar Xin Zhao He references the Statue of Liberty in New York City . When he dances, a red-tailed hawk screeches (just like when Uncle Ryze uses Realm Warp ), parodying real-life dubbing for the bald eagle's smoother, higher-pitched cheeps & tweets . Some locales use the alternative name "Karthus of Liberty". Grim Reaper Karthus Chromas: Blight,  Burn,  Frostbite This skin shares the Trick-or-Treat theme with: Count Kledula FrankenTibbers Annie Haunted Zyra Headless Hecarim Mundo Mundo ...and others Nightmare Tryndamere Pumpkin Prince Amumu Ravenborn LeBlanc Trick or Treat Ekko Witch's Brew Blitzcrank His staff becomes the scythe that the entity he references usually wields. The Necronomicon strapped to his waist references H. P. Lovecraft . Pentakill Karthus This skin shares the Pentakill theme with: Pentakill Kayle Pentakill Mordekaiser Pentakill Olaf Pentakill Sona Pentakill Yorick He is the fourth non-Legendary skin to have special voice-over lines (the others being Jaximus , Mecha Kha'Zix , Crime City Jinx , and Battlecast Vel'Koz ). The voice-over lines of that skin share along with Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Karthus . He was inspired by Eddie the Head from Iron Maiden band. Karthus' vocals in Smite and Ignite are provided by ZP Theart ('Deathfire Grasp' and 'Last Whisper') and by Jørn Lande (the rest). Jørn Lande and Per Johansson sing for his part in Grasp of the Undying albums. Fnatic Karthus This skin shares the World Champions: 2011 theme with: Fnatic Corki Fnatic Gragas Fnatic Janna Fnatic Jarvan IV He was released in celebration of Fnatic winning the Season One World Championship along with: Fnatic Corki Fnatic Gragas Fnatic Janna Fnatic Jarvan IV He represents xPeke . His staff is adorned with the Summoner's Cup . Karthus Lightsbane This skin shares the Rift Quest theme with: Bard Bard Braum Lionheart Demolisher Nunu & Willump Gragas Caskbreaker Lord Darius ...and others Rageborn Mundo Rugged Garen Ryze Whitebeard Sejuani Dawnchaser Twitch Shadowfoot Bard Bard , Jayce Brighthammer , and Sejuani Dawnchaser can be seen in the background, trying to stop him. He was released along with: Bard Bard Jayce Brighthammer Sejuani Dawnchaser He references a traditional tabletop role-playing game . He uses what appears to be the Rod of Ages . This is the first skin in which Karthus is human. He can understand Bard Bard , but it is uncertain whether this is canon. His ability visuals and sound effects are reminiscent of the Pre-Visual Update Karthus. Infernal Karthus Chromas: Amethyst,  Citrine,  Emerald,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire This skin shares the Infernal theme with: Charred Maokai Firefang Warwick Infernal Akali Infernal Alistar Infernal Amumu ...and others Infernal Diana Infernal Shen Scorched Earth Renekton Scorched Earth Xerath Wildfire Zyra Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Karthus Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Pentakill III: The Lost Chapter theme with: Dissonance of Pentakill Viego Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Kayle Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Mordekaiser Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Olaf Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Sona Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Yorick Elderwood Karthus Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the Elderwood theme with: Elderwood Ahri Elderwood Azir Elderwood Bard Elderwood Hecarim Elderwood LeBlanc ...and others Elderwood Rek'Sai Elderwood Wukong Elderwood Xayah Old God Ivern Old God Warwick References [ ]