Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Kassadin View in 3D 790 / 06-Aug-2009 Pre-Void Kassadin View in 3D 520 / 26-Sep-2010 Harbinger Kassadin View in 3D 975 / 13-Jul-2011 Cosmic Reaver Kassadin View in 3D 1350 / 14-Oct-2015 Shockblade Kassadin View in 3D 1350 / 17-Feb-2022 Dragonmancer Kassadin View in 3D 1350 / 09-Jan-2024 Dragonmancer Kassadin Chromas Amethyst Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Shockblade Kassadin Chromas Amethyst Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Turquoise Legacy Vault Festival Kassadin View in 3D 520 / 12-Feb-2010 Deep One Kassadin View in 3D 520 / 01-Aug-2010 Count Kassadin View in 3D 1350 / 24-Oct-2019 Count Kassadin Chromas Aquamarine Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Ruby Rare & Limited Hextech Kassadin View in 3D Special / 15-Oct-2020 Screenshots [ ] Classic Kassadin & Skins (Visual Update) Cosmic Reaver Kassadin Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 404's Champion channels interrupted with Null Sphere (Q) Demon Buff Mana recovered with Nether Blade (W) Rift Wrecker Champions killed within 1.5s of using Riftwalk (R) Kassassin Damage to champions from Riftwalk (R) at 2+ stacks Null Magic-Man Champion damage prevented with Null Sphere (Q) Warped Wave Multiple champions slowed with Force Pulse (E) Trivia [ ] Original Kassadin He resembles Emperor Zurg from Toy Story and a Helghast Trooper from Killzone . Festival Kassadin This skin shares the Winter Sports theme with: Curling Veigar Ice Toboggan Corki Team Spirit Anivia The Mighty Jax Union Jack Fiddlesticks Vancouver Amumu Whistler Village Twitch He was released in celebration of the 2010 Winter Olympics along with: Vancouver Amumu Team Spirit Anivia Ice Toboggan Corki Union Jack Fiddlesticks The Mighty Jax Whistler Village Twitch Curling Veigar Deep One Kassadin This skin shares the Forgotten Depths theme with: Abyssal Nautilus Atlantean Fizz Atlantean Syndra Coral Reef Malphite Deep Sea Kog'Maw Deep Sea Nami Deep Terror Thresh He was conceived by NA Summoner 'Ser Gregor'. He references the eponymous entities from the Cthulhu Mythos by H. P. Lovecraft . Pre-Void Kassadin This skin shares the Curse of the Void theme with: Void Fizz Void Nocturne Void Bringer Illaoi This is him before being transformed by the Void (meaning he is deep within Icathia). The tentacles grabbing him might be referencing Vel'Koz's species. His general appearance and scarf strongly resemble Raziel from the Legacy of Kain series . Harbinger Kassadin This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali This is him having been convinced by and having joined forces with Malzahar in ushering the Voidborn into Runeterra. Cosmic Reaver Kassadin This skin shares the Cosmic theme with: Cosmic Lux Cosmic Charger Hecarim Cosmic Defender Xin Zhao Cosmic Enchantress Lulu Cosmic Huntress Nidalee ...and others Cosmic Invoker Illaoi Cosmic Matriarch Bel'Veth Cosmic Paladin Nautilus Cosmic Paladins Nunu & Willump Cosmic Sting Skarner He was released in celebration of the Oceanic server's launch. All revenue from the server immediately after release was donated to charity for medical services and research. His Nether Blade becomes the Crux . He resembles Number 39: Utopia from Yu-Gi-Oh! . Count Kassadin Chromas: Aquamarine,  Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Ruby This skin shares the Trick-or-Treat theme with: Count Kledula FrankenTibbers Annie Haunted Zyra Headless Hecarim Mundo Mundo ...and others Nightmare Tryndamere Pumpkin Prince Amumu Ravenborn LeBlanc Trick or Treat Ekko Witch's Brew Blitzcrank Count Kledula can be seen in the background of his splash art. Hextech Kassadin This skin shares the Hextech theme with: Hextech Alistar Hextech Amumu Hextech Annie Hextech Jarvan IV Hextech Malzahar ...and others Hextech Poppy Hextech Renekton Hextech Sejuani Hextech Singed Hextech Ziggs Hextech Nocturne can be seen in the foreground of the splash art battling Kassadin. During his recall, he fights against Hextech Nocturne . References [ ]