Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Katarina View in 3D 790 / 18-Sep-2009 Mercenary Katarina View in 3D 520 / 20-Nov-2009 High Command Katarina View in 3D 750 / 22-Feb-2011 Sandstorm Katarina View in 3D 975 / 02-Jan-2012 Warring Kingdoms Katarina View in 3D 975 / 10-Feb-2015 PROJECT: Katarina View in 3D 1350 / 01-Aug-2016 Battle Academia Katarina View in 3D 1350 / 15-May-2019 Blood Moon Katarina View in 3D 1350 / 20-Feb-2020 Battle Queen Katarina View in 3D 1820 / 10-Dec-2020 High Noon Katarina View in 3D 1350 / 12-May-2022 Faerie Court Katarina View in 3D 1350 / 23-Mar-2023 Battle Academia Katarina Chromas Citrine Formal Obsidian Pearl Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Battle Queen Katarina Chromas Coronation Emerald Obsidian Pearl Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Blood Moon Katarina Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Faerie Court Katarina Chromas Aquamarine Citrine Emerald Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Turquoise Winsome High Noon Katarina Chromas Catseye Emerald Nomad Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Warring Kingdoms Katarina Chromas Golden Legacy Vault Red Card Katarina View in 3D 975 / 24-Jun-2010 Bilgewater Katarina View in 3D 975 / 29-Aug-2010 Kitty Cat Katarina View in 3D 975 / 19-Oct-2010 Slay Belle Katarina View in 3D 975 / 14-Dec-2012 Death Sworn Katarina View in 3D 1350 / 25-Oct-2017 Rare & Limited Prestige Faerie Court Katarina View in 3D Special / 23-Mar-2023 Screenshots [ ] Sandstorm Katarina Classic Katarina (Visual Update) Red Card Katarina Slay Belle Katarina Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Lotus Blooms Champions killed with Death Lotus (R) Shunpwns Shunpo (E) uses 5s before or after killing a champion Sinister Slashes Champions damaged by Voracity (P) dagger pickups 9 Lives Skillshots dodged with Shunpo (E) and Preparation (W) Knife Party Multiple champions hit with Death Lotus (R) Quick Picks Consecutive Voracity (P2) dagger pickups that hit champions within 3s Trivia [ ] Bilgewater Katarina This skin shares the Bilgewater: Burning Tides theme with: Buccaneer Tristana Captain Gangplank Captain Fortune Cutpurse Twisted Fate Cutthroat Graves ...and others Fiddle Me Timbers Kingpin Twitch Pirate Ryze Rogue Admiral Garen Sea Hunter Aatrox She was inspired by 'Swashbuckler Katarina' by 'ChiZ' . Kitty Cat Katarina This skin shares the Trick-or-Treat theme with: Count Kledula FrankenTibbers Annie Haunted Zyra Headless Hecarim Mundo Mundo ...and others Nightmare Tryndamere Pumpkin Prince Amumu Ravenborn LeBlanc Trick or Treat Ekko Witch's Brew Blitzcrank She was released in celebration of Harrowing 2010 along with: Mundo Mundo Pumpkinhead Fiddlesticks Lollipoppy Zombie Ryze Nosferatu Vladimir Mercenary Katarina This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali The first splash art was a direct edit of her first original splash art . Red Card Katarina This skin shares the Soccer Cup theme with: All-star Akali Goalkeeper Blitzcrank Goalkeeper Maokai Playmaker Lee Sin Red Card Twisted Fate ...and others Striker Ezreal Striker Lucian Superfan Gragas Sweeper Alistar Sweeper Rammus She was released in celebration of the 2010 FIFA World Cup along with: All-star Akali Goalkeeper Blitzcrank Striker Ezreal She is a soccer referee issuing a red card . Sandstorm Katarina This skin shares the Guardian of the Sands theme with: Guardian of the Sands Janna Guardian of the Sands Kha'Zix Guardian of the Sands Rammus Guardian of the Sands Rengar Guardian of the Sands Ryze ...and others Guardian of the Sands Skarner Guardian of the Sands Xerath Risen Fiddlesticks Sand Wraith Pyke Sandstorm Ekko She has her own taunt animation. Although the skin is currently uncategorized to any universe, Legends of Runeterra artworks and skin bios confirm Sandstorm Ekko , the only other Sandstorm skin, is part of Guardian of the Sands . Slay Belle Katarina This skin shares the Snowdown Showdown theme with: Candy Cane Miss Fortune Festive Maokai Happy Elf Teemo Mistletoe LeBlanc Nutcracko ...and others Re-Gifted Amumu Santa Draven Santa Gragas Snow Bunny Nidalee Workshop Nunu & Willump She was released in celebration of Snowdown Showdown 2012 along with: Dark Candy Fiddlesticks Bad Santa Veigar Snow Day Ziggs Her initial Recall animation when she was still on the PBE had her pole dancing with a giant candy cane . It can be seen here . It was replaced with her current one where she slices the giant candy cane down instead as according to Travis 'Volibar' George , the switch was due to the animation not fitting with the skin's theme. [1] It can be seen here . Although Nidalee has it as her dance and it is kept in the game, Ryan 'Morello' Scott has explained that while the dance suits Nidalee because of her innate alluringness as a cougar , the same dance does not thematically fit 'Katarina in Reindeer ears'. [2] This skin's name is a pun on sleigh bells , which warn pedestrians of incoming horse-drawn vehicles. The one she is going to murder after bursting out of a huge present in the foreground might be Garen . Her Death Lotus and Voracity dagger pickup animations are different compared to her other skins. Warring Kingdoms Katarina Chromas: Golden This skin shares the Lunar Revel: Warring Kingdoms theme with: Dragonblade Riven Dragonblade Talon Warring Kingdoms Azir Warring Kingdoms Garen Warring Kingdoms Jarvan IV Warring Kingdoms Nidalee Warring Kingdoms Tryndamere Warring Kingdoms Vi Warring Kingdoms Xin Zhao She was released in celebration of Lunar Revel 2015 (Year of the Goat ) along with: Firecracker Jinx Warring Kingdoms Nidalee She references a famous historical Chinese beauty , Diaochan from the late Eastern Han era . In Romance of the Three Kingdoms , Diaochan was fictionalized into Minister Wang Yun's adoptive daughter, sent to pit general Lü Bu against his superior Dong Zhuo, resulting in Dong's death at Lü's hand. Historically, 'Diaochan 貂蟬 "sable cicada" was merely a title for female palace officials, after the decorations on their hats. According to Records of the Three Kingdoms , Lü had an affair with a maidservant in Dong's household, & fearing Dong's reprisal, Lü eventually betrayed Dong. PROJECT: Katarina This skin shares the PROJECT theme with: Prestige PROJECT: Sylas Prestige PROJECT: Zed PROJECT: Akali PROJECT: Ekko PROJECT: Fiora ...and others PROJECT: Leona PROJECT: Renekton PROJECT: Sejuani PROJECT: Sylas PROJECT: Zed A figure resembling Battlecast Vel'Koz can be seen in the background. This doesn't mean Battlecast is in the same universe as PROJECT. [3] PROJECT: Zed can be seen in the background as well. The skin was initially thought to be that of a Cyber Katarina , but then turned into Project . She is from an alternate future in which she was cybernetically augmented as part of the PROJECT Initiative. If one tells PROJECT: Ashe they fight for 'ambition' she'll say the following: "We all bear the scars of our actions." "Sinister by choice." "Keep a sharp lookout for her." RWE7QDF Plasma Blades Death Sworn Katarina This skin shares the Death Sworn theme with: Darkrider Sejuani Death Sworn Viktor Death Sworn Zed Gravelord Azir Reaper Hecarim Reaper Soraka Shadow Evelynn Soul Reaver Draven Underworld Wukong She is about to engage Death Sworn Zed in a duel. She was released in celebration of Harrowing 2017 along with: Death Sworn Viktor Death Sworn Zed She resembles the mutant known as Psylocke . Battle Academia Katarina Chromas: Citrine,  Formal,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Battle Academia theme with: Battle Academia Caitlyn Battle Academia Garen Battle Academia Leona Battle Academia Lux Battle Academia Wukong ...and others Battle Principal Yuumi Battle Professor Graves Prestige Battle Academia Leona Prestige Battle Academia Lux Prestige Battle Academia Lux (2022) Battle Academia Ezreal and Battle Academia Jayce can be seen in the background of her splash art. A man resembling Garen before he became Battle Academia Garen can be seen in a photograph on her desk. Blood Moon Katarina Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire This skin shares the Blood Moon theme with: Blood Moon Akali Blood Moon Diana Blood Moon Evelynn Blood Moon Jhin Blood Moon Pyke ...and others Blood Moon Shen Blood Moon Sivir Blood Moon Thresh Blood Moon Tryndamere Blood Moon Zilean The mask she is wearing references the ones used in Japanese Noh theater. This skin might have been inspired by Room 8 Studios' test concepts of Blood Moon Katarina done for Riot Games. Battle Queen Katarina Chromas: Coronation,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Battle Queens theme with: Battle Queen Diana Battle Queen Janna Battle Queen Qiyana Battle Queen Rell Prestige Battle Queen Diana Katarina unlocks and equips a new blade every 3 takedowns, up to a maximum 6 different blades. She can change which blade she uses by pressing control + 5 when out of combat. She always starts off with her pink blade and the rainbow blade as the last one, the other blades are randomly unlocked in between. [4] High Noon Katarina Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Nomad,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the High Noon theme with: Bandito Fiddlesticks Cowgirl Miss Fortune High Noon Darius High Noon Hecarim High Noon Leona ...and others High Noon Senna High Noon Thresh Longhorn Alistar Sandscourge Skarner Sheriff Caitlyn Faerie Court Katarina Chromas: Aquamarine,  Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise,  Winsome This skin shares the Faerie Court theme with: Faerie Court Ezreal Faerie Court Fiora Faerie Court Kalista Faerie Court Milio Faerie Court Seraphine Faerie Queen Karma Prestige Faerie Court Katarina Prestige Faerie Court Katarina This skin shares the Faerie Court theme with: Faerie Court Ezreal Faerie Court Fiora Faerie Court Kalista Faerie Court Katarina Faerie Court Milio Faerie Court Seraphine Faerie Queen Karma References [ ] ↑ http://forums.na.leagueoflegends.com/board/showthread.php?t=2875992&page=24#post32186691 The Stripper Pole Is Too Much ↑ The Stripper Pole Is Too Much ↑ @Riot. Skinline Transparency with The Evolution. ↑ Sirhaian on Battle Queen Katarina Daggers