Games Universe • League of Legends • Teamfight Tactics • Legends of Runeterra • Wild Rift Image Katarina Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Katarina the Sinister Blade Release date 2009-09-19 Last changed V14.2 Class(es) Assassin Legacy Assassin Mage Position(s) Middle Resource Manaless Range type Melee Adaptive type Magic Store price 3150 | 790 Crafting + 1890 Ratings Damage 3 Toughness 1 Control 1 Mobility 3 Utility 1 Style Difficulty Champion Spotlight Katarina Champion Spotlight Katarina is a champion in League of Legends . [1] Gameplay • Cosmetics • Audio • Development • Patch History • History • Trivia Base statistics Katarina Edit Health 672 +108 Resource N/A Health regen. (per 5s) 7.5 +0.7 Resource regen. N/A Armor 28 +4.7 Attack damage 58 +3.2 Magic resist. 32 +2.05 Crit. damage 175% Move. speed 335 Attack range 125 Attack speed Base AS 0.658 Attack windup 15% AS ratio N/A Bonus AS +2.74 % Unit radius Gameplay radius 65 Selection radius 120 Pathing radius 35 Acq. radius 400 Special statistics ARAM Nexus Blitz One For All URF Ult Spellbook Arena Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Ability Haste +10 Tenacity & Slow Resist +20% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received -5% Damage Dealt +5% Damage Received -5% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Abilities [ ] Edit Voracity Voracity EFFECT RADIUS: 340 Innate: Scoring a champion takedown within 3 seconds of damaging them will reduce the current cooldowns of Katarina's abilities by 15 seconds. Innate - Sinister Steel: Whenever Katarina retrieves a Dagger , she slashes around to deal 68 − 240 (based on level) (+ 60% bonus AD) (+ 70 / 80 / 90 / 100% (based on level) AP) magic damage to nearby enemies and against champions additionally applying on-hit effects at 100% effectiveness. This also reduces Shunpo's current cooldown by 78 / 84 / 90 / 96% (based on level) of its total cooldown. Daggers grant sight of their radius and will disappear after being on the ground for 4 seconds. Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Passive Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Magic Counters Spell shield Parries Blocked See Notes Voracity's cooldown reduction will still take effect even after Katarina dies. The Dagger's area of effect indicator is displayed even before it lands, although Katarina may not slash until it has. This can be targeted by Shunpo . Daggers will still deal damage but not apply on-hit effects if dodged . They cannot be blocked nor can they be missed while Katarina is blinded . Single-use on-hit effects, such as Spellblade , will apply to the closest target to Katarina when she uses a Dagger . Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit Bonus AD ratio changed to 80% bonus AD . Passive cooldown reduction changed to 20 seconds. Edit Bouncing Blade Bouncing Blade COOLDOWN: 11 / 10 / 9 / 8 / 7 CAST TIME: 0. 25 TARGET RANGE: 625 EFFECT RADIUS: 450 Active: Katarina throws a Dagger at the target enemy that deals magic damage and can bounce to up to two additional nearby enemies. Magic Damage: 80 / 110 / 140 / 170 / 200 (+ 35% AP) The Dagger then lands onto the ground after 1 second, about 350 units opposite from where it struck the first target. The target does not have to be visible for the Dagger to bounce to them. Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Unit Target out-of-range override Walk in range of the target Damage type Type Sub-type Minion Aggro Area damage Magic Drawn Counters Spell shield Projectile Blocked Blocked Bouncing Blade will not be destroyed in-flight if the target dies before reaching them but it will on clones that expire. If the Dagger 's intended landing position is inside terrain it will instead land at the closest spot that isn't inside terrain. If the target becomes untargetable , dies , or is too far away or no longer in sight during the cast time, this ability will cancel but does not go on cooldown nor pay its cost (if applicable). Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit AP ratio changed to 50% AP . Edit Preparation Preparation COOLDOWN: 15 / 14 / 13 / 12 / 11 CAST TIME: none Active: Katarina tosses a Dagger into the air above her current location and gains bonus movement speed that decays until it lands after 1. 25 seconds, becoming ghosted for the same duration. Bonus Movement speed: 50 / 60 / 70 / 80 / 90% Hide Details Info Targeting input Auto No additional details. Edit Shunpo Shunpo COOLDOWN: 14 / 12. 5 / 11 / 9. 5 / 8 CAST TIME: None TARGET RANGE: 725 / 775 Active: Katarina blinks to the target location around the target unit or Dagger , dealing magic damage to the nearest enemy in range and applying on-hit effects at 100% effectiveness. Magic Damage: 20 / 35 / 50 / 65 / 80 (+ 40% AD) (+ 25% AP) Shunpo resets Katarina's basic attack timer. Upon blinking, Katarina enters a 0. 15 -second cast time. Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Location / Unit Damage type Type Sub-type Minion Aggro Spell damage Magic Drawn Counters Spell shield Parries Grounded Blocked See Notes Disabled Shunpo can be used on any unit except structures and wards . Shunpo can be cast on Daggers that haven't landed yet. Shunpo prioritizes damaging enemy champions within range at the targetted location. If Katarina Shunpo's on an ally, any attack command she is given during its cast time will be negated, and every movement command will be delayed by 1 second (starting at the start of the cast time). Shunpo should be an instant ability but it has extra logic to consider which makes it have a short cast time. Flash can be used during cast time but it will not cancel the blink. If the target is very close to a wall and Katarina targets Shunpo behind the target, she can blink over the wall. Shunpo will still deal damage but not apply on-hit effects if dodged . It cannot be blocked nor can it be missed while Katarina is blinded . Shunpo does not require the enemy to be within targeting range to damage them. It only requires them to be within the max range around a unit that Shunpo allows them to blink to. Type Cast time Attacking Disabled Abilities Disabled Movement Disabled Items Usable Shurelya's Battlesong Youmuu's Ghostblade Randuin's Omen Disabled All the other item-actives are disabled Interrupted by N/A Consumables Usable Spells Usable Barrier Clarity Cleanse Exhaust Ghost Heal Ignite Smite Flash Disabled Teleport Recall Hexflash Interrupted by N/A Interrupted by Death, unless protected by Resurrection Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit Base damage changed to 50 / 65 / 80 / 95 / 110. AD ratio changed to 50% AD . AP ratio changed to 35% AP . Edit Death Lotus Death Lotus COOLDOWN : 90 / 60 / 45 CAST TIME: none EFFECT RADIUS: 550 SPEED: 2400 Active: Katarina channels for up to 2. 5 seconds, rapidly throwing a dagger every 0. 166 seconds to up to 3 of the closest nearby enemy champions, revealing herself in the process. Each dagger deals physical damage and magic damage , applies on-attack and on-hit (without applying life steal ) effects, and inflicts Grievous Wounds on the target for 3 seconds. Physical Damage Per Dagger: 16% (+ 50% per 100% bonus attack speed) bonus AD Maximum Physical Damage: 240% (+ 750% per 100% bonus attack speed) bonus AD Magic Damage Per Dagger: 25 / 37. 5 / 50 (+ 19% AP) Maximum Magic Damage: 375 / 562. 5 / 750 (+ 285% AP) On-Attack/On-Hit Effectiveness: 30 / 35 / 40% An enemy champion within 500 units is required to cast this ability. The target does not have to be visible to be hit by this ability. Hide Details Tips & Tricks Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Auto Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Magic Counters Spell shield Parries Projectile See Notes Bypass Blocked Disruption Interrupted An alternate form of writing the formula for the bonus AD ratio (and which the game data is using internally) is (16% × (1 + 312. 5 % per 100% bonus attack speed ) bonus AD) . At level 6, Katarina has a minimum of 10. 82 % bonus attack speed. The minimum physical damage per dagger is 21. 41 % bonus AD . In addition to already revealing herself, Katarina will reveal her location (400 radius) for 4. 5 seconds every time she throws a dagger at an enemy while the enemy team does not otherwise have vision of her. (bug) Because of this, the vision on Katarina's location will persist for up-to 4. 5 seconds after the channel ends. Death Lotus will not end if no enemies remain in range. Spell shield will block and be consumed by only one dagger. Each dagger counts as a separate hit for effects such as Conqueror , Electrocute , and Eclipse's Ever Rising Moon . The following table refers for interactions while Katarina is channeling : Type Channel Attacking Disabled in the first and last 0. 25 seconds of channel, otherwise, interrupts. Abilities Interrupts Movement Disabled in the first and last 0. 25 seconds of channel, otherwise, interrupts. Items Usable Shurelya's Battlesong Youmuu's Ghostblade Randuin's Omen Disabled Hextech Rocketbelt Interrupted by All item-actives not specified above interrupt Consumables Usable Spells Usable Barrier Clarity Cleanse Exhaust Ghost Heal Ignite Smite Disabled Recall Hexflash Interrupted by Flash Teleport Interrupted by Death Cast-inhibiting effects Trying to cast a disabled active (excluding Hextech Rocketbelt ) will buffer it to cast at the completion of the channel. Tips & Tricks The ability will light up once an enemy champions gets into range, even if not visible , revealing they're nearby. Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit Base damage per dagger changed to 50 / 62. 5 / 75. AP ratio per dagger changed to 22% AP . Champion skins [ ] This article section only contains champion skins. For all associated collection items, see Katarina (Collection) . Original View in 3D 790 18.09.2009 Decisive in judgment and lethal in combat, Katarina is a Noxian assassin of the highest caliber. Eldest daughter to the legendary General Du Couteau, she made her talents known with swift kills against unsuspecting enemies. Her fiery ambition has driven her to pursue heavily-guarded targets, even at the risk of endangering her allies—but no matter the mission, Katarina will not hesitate to execute her duty amid a whirlwind of serrated daggers. Tara Platt Alvin Lee, Suke 'hugehugesword' Su Loot eligible Mercenary View in 3D 520 20.11.2009 Tara Platt Suke 'hugehugesword' Su Legacy Loot eligible Red Card View in 3D 975 24.06.2010 Is that a regulation uniform? No. Should a referee be holding a large dagger in the middle of a sports game? No. Are you going to argue with a woman in a non-regulation uniform holding a large dagger in the middle of a sports game? I think we both know the answer to that. Tara Platt Unknown artist Soccer Cup Loot eligible Legacy Bilgewater View in 3D 975 29.08.2010 To outsiders, the politics of Bilgewater seem a mean mess of villainous scum and dishonorable thieves. But woven throughout are complex loyalties, solemn codes of honor, and a very specific (if bloody) way of doing things. Cutting through it all is Katarina, a master of the blade. She silences the right tongues at all the right moments… for the right price. Tara Platt Unknown artist Bilgewater: Burning Tides Loot eligible Legacy Kitty Cat View in 3D 975 19.10.2010 There are times when Katarina deeply questions the parameters of her assassination missions. This is, somehow, not one of those times. Tara Platt Unknown artist Trick-or-Treat Loot eligible Legacy High Command View in 3D 750 22.02.2011 Tara Platt Katie 'TeaTime' De Sousa Bilgewater: Mercs Loot eligible Sandstorm View in 3D 975 02.01.2012 Tara Platt Robin Ruan Guardian of the Sands Loot eligible Slay Belle View in 3D 975 14.12.2012 Donning a mishmash of Snowdown fashions to throw targets off her scent, Katarina uses the holidays as a cover for high profile assassinations. If you hear the sound of jingle bells... run. Tara Platt Concept Art House Snowdown Showdown Loot eligible Legacy New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Warring Kingdoms View in 3D 975 10.02.2015 In open defiance of her clan, Katarina has left behind the life of a princess to hunt the greatest heroes of the Warring Kingdoms. Striking under shadow of night, she is slowly cutting her way through her foes… one general at a time. Tara Platt Alex 'alexplank' Flores Lunar Revel: Warring Kingdoms Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Warring Kingdoms Katarina Chromas Golden PROJECT View in 3D 1350 01.08.2016 Once an ambitious lieutenant in the G/NETIC rebellion, Katarina returned to the Command Line after a confrontation with Ashe herself. Her hyper edge daggers now serve PROJECT once more, but those rebels who knew her still hold out hope that she fights for them from the inside. Tara Platt Esben Lash Rasmussen PROJECT Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Death Sworn View in 3D 1350 25.10.2017 To fully swear oneself to Death's service, a mortal must be prepared to sacrifice the living. A skilled assassin in life, Katarina pledged her sinister blades willingly, and was granted spectral abilities allowing her to pass in and out of the underworld with ease. Tara Platt Jennifer Wuestling Death Sworn Loot eligible Legacy Voice filter Additional/unique quotes New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Battle Academia View in 3D 1350 15.05.2019 Katarina is a rough-edged loner who stays far away from the politics of Durandal Academy. A 2nd year student with a chip on her shoulder, she is also a top member of the Assassin Club—the only club on campus allowed to kill opponents in school-sanctioned duels. Few other students ever dare approach her. Tara Platt Atey Ghailan Battle Academia Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Battle Academia Katarina Chromas Citrine Formal Obsidian Pearl Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Blood Moon View in 3D 1350 20.02.2020 An honored priestess of the Blood Moon cult, merged with the flesh of her demon as all priestesses are fated to be. Yet the descent of the Blood Moon has changed the nature of demons and humankind, and Katarina has begun her ascent into a newer, darker form. Tara Platt Xiao Guang Sun, West Studio Blood Moon Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Blood Moon Katarina Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Battle Queen View in 3D 1820 10.12.2020 Katarina won the Schemean crest with a ruthless performance in her queendom's battle pits. For Schema to break free of its humble alliances and become the region's rightful leader, it will take a similarly commanding performance in the Coronation—and Katarina has never been more prepared to cement her fearsome status as the rightful queen of queens. Tara Platt Mingchen Shen, West Studio Battle Queens Loot eligible New voiceover New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Transforming Chromas Battle Queen Katarina Chromas Coronation Emerald Obsidian Pearl Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite High Noon View in 3D 1350 12.05.2022 “My people got swindled. I aim to collect what we're owed,” the Outsider says, pinning her dagger in a wanted poster of the Mechanical Devil. Her eyes burn like stoked coal as she fixes each dusty traveler in her gaze, “And I hear y'all plan on jumpin' the Sulfur Rail, Harbingers. If you're gonna take this devil down, I want in.” Tara Platt Jiunn Kuo, West Studio High Noon Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas High Noon Katarina Chromas Catseye Emerald Nomad Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Faerie Court View in 3D 1350 23.03.2023 Though Katarina is an official diplomatic envoy hailing from the Unseelie Court of Truth and Shadow, you wouldn't know it from all the side-eyed glances and disapproving frowns she receives from closed-minded courtiers. No matter: with daggers in hand and a mystery afoot, Katarina has her own agenda. Tara Platt Jeremy 'Jermu' Anninos Faerie Court Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Faerie Court Katarina Chromas Aquamarine Citrine Emerald Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Turquoise Winsome Prestige Faerie Court View in 3D Special 23.03.2023 Don't let the butterflies fool you: otherworldly elegance may be Katarina's game, but that gala-ready look is sharper than her knives. Fashion is a metamorphosis, after all. Try to keep up. Tara Platt Marie Magny, West Studio Faerie Court Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall This skin is a variant of Faerie Court . Store variants are discounted for multiple purchases. Patch history [ ] For the expanded patch notes, see here Trivia [ ] Katarina's name comes from Greek Αἰκατερίνα/η (Akaterine). Du Couteau (her family name) is French for "of the knife". She shared her namesake with Caitlyn and Kai'Sa . She may have been inspired by Katherina from The Taming of the Shrew by William Shakespeare . Shunpo (pronounced: [ɕʉ͍̃mpo] shoom-poh) comes from Sino-Japanese 瞬歩 "blink step". A framed portrait of Katarina can be seen in the game's Mac Version trailer. Katarina - Cassiopeia is one of seven pairs of sibling champions (the others being Kayle - Morgana , Garen - Lux , Nasus - Renekton , Yasuo - Yone , Darius - Draven , and Vi - Jinx ). Though not a pair, Anivia , Ornn , and Volibear are also siblings. Katarina's dance references Napoleon Dynamite , via one of its portions . She used to share this dance with Master Yi , whose old dance references the other portions until he got reworked . A side-by-side comparison can be seen here . Voracity's old icon was directly edited from her second Original splash art . Katarina is one of few champions to feature two ' Champion Spotlights ' due to significant gameplay changes (the others being Ezreal , Karma , Lee Sin , and Sivir ). Katarina is one of the first champions to have one skin for each of the three big annual events of the year - Lunar Revel , Harrowing and Snowdown Showdown . She and Nidalee received their Warring Kingdoms as the skin that gave them this distinction in 2015. The other one is Jinx when she received Ambitious Elf Jinx in 2017. Annie almost became another champion that fulfilled the criteria after Panda Annie was released in 2013. However, Frostfire Annie was not released during the Snowdown Showdown event. A functional real-life replica of Katarina's Daggers was crafted in an episode of YouTube series Man At Arms: Reforged . This video can be viewed here . There are also videos where the following are crafted: Diana's Crescent Moonblade ( functional ) Leona's Zenith Blade ( functional ) Master Yi's 'Highlander' Ring Sword ( functional ) Poppy's Hammer of Orlon ( functional ) Yasuo's 'Last Breath' Sword ( functional ) Ziggs' Hexplosive Bomb ( prop ) See also [ ] League of Legends Wiki | Champions Cancelled Champions Ao Shin Avasha Averdrian CeeCee Cyborg Cowboy Eagle Rider Gavid Husk Iron Engineer Ivan Omen Priscilla Rob Blackblade Seth Tabu Tiki Urf Well References [ ] ↑ Katarina's profile page at LeagueOfLegends.com