Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Kayle View in 3D 260 / 21-Feb-2009 Viridian Kayle View in 3D 520 / 01-Jun-2010 Battleborn Kayle View in 3D 975 / 18-Apr-2011 Aether Wing Kayle View in 3D 1820 / 18-Jan-2013 Iron Inquisitor Kayle View in 3D 750 / 04-May-2016 Pentakill Kayle View in 3D 1350 / 08-Aug-2017 PsyOps Kayle View in 3D 1350 / 17-Sep-2020 Dragonslayer Kayle View in 3D 1350 / 15-Apr-2021 Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Kayle View in 3D 1350 / 09-Sep-2021 Sun-Eater Kayle View in 3D 1350 / 28-Apr-2022 Immortal Journey Kayle View in 3D 1350 / 16-Aug-2023 Aether Wing Kayle Chromas Ace Amethyst Emerald Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Dragonslayer Kayle Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Immortal Journey Kayle Chromas Amethyst Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Kayle Chromas Aquamarine Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite PsyOps Kayle Chromas Emerald Hunter Rose Quartz Ruby Sandstone Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Sun-Eater Kayle Chromas Citrine Emerald Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Viridian Kayle Chromas Aquamarine Citrine Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Legacy Vault Transcended Kayle View in 3D 975 / 13-Jul-2010 Riot Kayle View in 3D 975 / 12-Aug-2014 Rare & Limited Silver Kayle View in 3D Special / 13-Nov-2009 Judgment Kayle View in 3D Special / 22-Aug-2011 Screenshots [ ] Aether Wing Kayle Riot Kayle Pentakill Kayle Classic Kayle (Full Relaunch) Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Blessings Healing from Celestial Blessing (W) Divine Interventions Champions killed after being damaged by Divine Judgment (R) Stargazing Champions executed with Starfire Spellblade (E) Aspect's Justice Exalted Attacks on champions with Divine Ascent (P) Divine Intervention Champion damage prevented with Divine Judgment (R) Weakness Revealed Damage taken by champions due to Radiant Blast (Q) resistance reduction Trivia [ ] Original Kayle The visual appearance of her armor matches that of Galio . She shares her splash art with Morgana . Her splash art shows Kayle in her Arisen form. Her splash art was adjusted to remove the glow in her eyes, likely due to her previous splashes not having that glow. Her default appearance represents a younger version of her. Her Transcendent form represents her current form from the past 100+ years. [1] Original Kayle The scene depicts her using Intervention on herself. Original Kayle The Chinese version of her second ever splash art used to have rocks surrounding Kayle that have since been edited out . The reason for this edit was to avoid suspicion of art plagiarism from an image of Iona, Shield of Emeria , a Magic: The Gathering card of an angel warrior. Not only are the poses of Kayle and Iona very similar, but the rocks surrounding them are also identical. [2] An overlay of the two art pieces can be seen here . Original Kayle Her very first splash art was directly tweaked for the first splash art of her Silver skin. Silver Kayle This skin shares the Collector's Edition theme with: Black Alistar Young Ryze As one of the four Collector's Edition skins, she was only be obtainable through digital or retail Collector's Edition packs. [3] She herself was obtainable through the Retail Collector's Edition pack. Her splash art shows Silver Kayle in her Arisen form. The others are: Black Alistar (Pre-ordered Digital Collector's Pack ) Goth Annie ( Digital Collector's Pack ) Young Ryze (Pre-ordered Retail Collector's Edition ) Viridian Kayle Chromas: Aquamarine,  Citrine,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz This skin shares the Albion theme with: Blackthorn Morgana Nottingham Ezreal Sherwood Forest Ashe While not directly sharing a splash art with Blackthorn Morgana , their splash arts can join together to make one larger image. Her splash art shows Viridian Kayle in her Transcendent form. Her reworked head design (Especially the crown and hair) takes ideas from Princess Zelda from the "The Legend Of Zelda" Nintendo game series. Transcended Kayle This skin shares the Otherroads theme with: Acolyte Lee Sin Demonblade Tryndamere Divine Soraka Foreseen Yasuo Noxus Poppy ...and others Prototype Viktor Redeemed Riven Rune Wars Renekton Runeguard Volibear Tyrant Swain This skin represents Kayle as she would be if she fully became the Aspect of Justice like her mother. Her splash art shows Transcended Kayle in her Aflame form. Her sword references Tyrael from The Diablo 2 Franchise. Unmasked Kayle This skin represented Original Kayle without her helmet. This is the third skin to be completely renamed upon a champion's relaunch, the second being Crimson Akali and the first being Human Ryze . In the now-removed official League of Legends forums , a crop of her splash art was used to represent the "Tribunal Ban Inquiries" section. Judgment Kayle This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali She was unlocked for free by those who played a certain number of games at the end of Season 2011. Her splash art shows Judgment Kayle in her Zealous form. Battleborn Kayle This skin shares the Woad theme with: Exiled Morgana Woad Ashe Woad King Darius Woad Scout Quinn She shares her splash art with Exiled Morgana . Her splash art shows Battleborn Kayle in her Aflame form. She was spotted in Brand's 'Art Spotlight' as 'Gunmetal'. Her visual appearance resembles that of a Norse Valkyrie . Aether Wing Kayle Chromas: Ace,  Amethyst,  Emerald,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire This skin shares the Steel Valkyries theme with: Admiral Glasc Armored Titan Nasus Blade Mistress Morgana Bullet Angel Kai'Sa Cyber Halo Janna Gun Goddess Miss Fortune Prestige Cyber Halo Janna Strike Commander Camille Strike Paladin Lucian Her dance references Night of Fire by Dream . A side-by-side comparison can be seen here . She strongly resembles Uriel from Darksiders . Over the course of the game, Kayle's exosuit will grow in power, override her human emotions and make her insane with power. [4] Her splash art shows Aether Wing Kayle in her Zealous form. Aether Wing Kayle Her dance referenced Night of Fire by Dream . A side-by-side comparison can be seen here . Riot Kayle This skin shares the Riot theme with: Riot Blitzcrank Riot Graves Riot Girl Tristana Riot K-9 Nasus Riot Squad Singed Riot Blitzcrank and Riot Graves can be seen in the background. Along with the other Riot skins , she was obtainable by either meeting a Rioter, attending an official Riot event or through purchase in the store during events in the year of release. [5] For her in particular, she was only obtainable in 2014 events. She was also given to players as a 10 Year Anniversary of Riot Games Inc. and League of Legends . She wears a riot helmet and her sword is replaced with an electroshock weapon . When recalling , she sends out unmanned aerial vehicles . All of these used for riot control . Her wings are also replaced with helicopter rotors . Her splash art shows Riot Kayle in her Arisen form, but without her helmet. Iron Inquisitor Kayle This skin shares the Omen of the Dark theme with: Black Scourge Singed Blade Queen Lissandra Cursed Revenant Nocturne Executioner Mundo Grey Warwick Spectral Fiddlesticks Undertaker Yorick This skin was released alongside: Cursed Revenant Nocturne Black Scourge Singed These skins came out around the time Dark Souls III was released, as their appearances are somewhat similar to the characters in the Dark Souls franchise. Her splash art shows Iron Inquisitor Kayle in her Zealous form. Pentakill Kayle This skin shares the Pentakill theme with: Pentakill Karthus Pentakill Mordekaiser Pentakill Olaf Pentakill Sona Pentakill Yorick The other members of the band can be seen in the background. She is the lead female singer for Pentakill . Noora Louhimo sings for her part in "Tear of the Goddess" and "Frozen Heart". Her splash art shows Pentakill Kayle in her Aflame form, but one pair of her wings is missing. PsyOps Kayle Chromas: Emerald,  Hunter,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sandstone,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Black Rose Group theme with: PsyOps Pyke PsyOps Samira PsyOps Viktor PsyOps Zed Dragonslayer Kayle Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Dragon World theme with: Dragon Sorceress Zyra Dragon Trainer Lulu Dragonslayer Braum Dragonslayer Diana Dragonslayer Jarvan IV ...and others Dragonslayer Trundle Dragonslayer Twitch Dragonslayer Vayne Dragonslayer Xin Zhao Scarlet Hammer Poppy Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Kayle Chromas: Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Pentakill III: The Lost Chapter theme with: Dissonance of Pentakill Viego Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Karthus Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Mordekaiser Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Olaf Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Sona Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Yorick Sun-Eater Kayle Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Rainbow,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Eclipse theme with: Lunar Eclipse Aatrox Lunar Eclipse Leona Lunar Eclipse Senna Prestige Lunar Eclipse Senna Solar Eclipse Leona Solar Eclipse Sejuani Solar Eclipse Sivir Immortal Journey Kayle Chromas: Amethyst,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire This skin shares the Immortal Journey theme with: Enduring Sword Talon Eternal Sword Yi God Staff Jax Immortal Journey Shyvana Immortal Journey Zed ...and others Immortal Journey Zeri Prestige Valiant Sword Riven Prestige Valiant Sword Riven (2022) Soaring Sword Fiora Valiant Sword Riven References [ ] ↑ Riot Jellbug on Kayle's appearance in game. ↑ Kayle, the blatant artistic theft ↑ Guide to Legacy and Limited Skins ↑ Aether Wing Kayle new lore ↑ Guide to Legacy and Limited Skins