Games Universe • League of Legends • Teamfight Tactics • Legends of Runeterra • Wild Rift Image Kayle Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Kayle the Righteous Release date 2009-02-21 Last changed V13.17 Class(es) Specialist Legacy Fighter Support Position(s) Top Middle Resource Mana Range type Melee Adaptive type Physical Store price 4800 | 260 Crafting + 2880 Ratings Damage 3 Toughness 1 Control 1 Mobility 1 Utility 3 Style Difficulty Champion Spotlight Kayle Champion Spotlight Kayle is a champion in League of Legends . [1] Gameplay • Cosmetics • Audio • Development • Patch History • History • Trivia Base statistics Kayle Edit Health 670 +92 Mana 330 +50 Health regen. (per 5s) 5 +0.5 Mana regen. (per 5s) 8 +0.8 Armor 26 +4.2 Attack damage 50 +2.5 Magic resist. 22 +1.3 Crit. damage 175% Move. speed 335 Attack range 175 Attack speed Base AS 0.625 Attack windup 19.355% AS ratio 0.667 Bonus AS +1.5 % Missile speed 5000 Unit radius Gameplay radius 65 Selection radius 140 Pathing radius 35 Acq. radius 600 Special statistics ARAM Nexus Blitz One For All URF Ult Spellbook Arena Damage Dealt -5% Damage Received +10% Damage Dealt -10% Damage Received +5% Damage Dealt -5% Damage Received +5% Damage Dealt -5% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Abilities [ ] Edit Divine Ascent Divine Ascent Innate: Kayle ascends through four forms that each grant additional bonuses. She ascends upon spending a skill point at levels 1, 6, 11, and 16. Level 1 - Zealous: Kayle's basic attacks on-attack generate a stack of Zeal for 5 seconds, refreshing on subsequent hits and stacking up to 5 times. For each stack, she gains 6% (+ 0. 5 % per 100 AP) bonus attack speed , up to a maximum 30% (+ 2. 5 % per 100 AP) . At max stacks, she becomes Exalted , gaining 10% bonus movement speed . Level 6 - Arisen: Kayle becomes ranged and gains 350 bonus attack range for a total of 525 . Level 11 - Aflame: Kayle gains 10% bonus size . While Kayle is Exalted , her basic attacks on-attack also launch a wave of fire forward that deals 20 − 41 (based on level) (+ 10% bonus AD) (+ 25% AP) magic damage to all enemies it passes through. The wave is affected by critical strike modifiers. Level 16 - Transcendent: Kayle gains an additional 100 bonus attack range for a total of 625 , and permanently gains the full effects of Zealous . Link ▶️ "Behold, the righteous flame!" Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Passive Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Magic Counters Parries Projectile Bypass See Notes Zealous The stacking attack speed can be tracked in the HUD via a buff called Zeal , while the maximum stacks bonus grants the buff Exalted . Subsequent applications will also refresh the duration of all stacks, but all of them are lost when expired. If Kayle is in her attack animation after the stacks expire, she gains another 0. 5 seconds to refresh/stack Zeal . Each stack increase attack speed based on the amount of ability power Kayle has at the time the stack is acquired and will not update if it is changed. For example, if a stack acquired while she has no ability power, it will the increase attack speed by 6% . If 200 acquired afterwards, the next stack will grant 8% . The two increased attack speed by 14% (6 + 8) and not 16% (8 + 8). Arisen Basic attacks within 175 will still use Kayle's melee basic attack animations and do not utilize projectiles . They are still classified as ranged attacks. Due to this fact, projectile blocking effects cannot intercept basic attacks while Kayle's target is within her "melee" range. Aflame On becoming Aflame , Kayle's bonus size grows linearily over 1 second. Basic attacks against structures and wards do not trigger fire waves. While at 4 stacks of Zeal , the next on-attack reaching the fifth stack will be empowered by Aflame , releasing the first fire wave. Transcendent Zeal and Exalted buffs swapped to a new buff that grants the benefit of both and it is not visible on Kayle's HUD. This buff also updates its attack speed value whenever a stat update happens and ability power is changed, however, it does not track ability power from other buffs, unless they have been specifically special cased. The following buffs are not special cased yet and will not grant bonus attack speed : Runes (including Adaptive Force rune shards ) Infernal Might Fire Waves Details Hitboxes shows by a graph side by side. A wave consists of three projectiles for the hitbox and a fourth for visuals. The hitbox projectiles spawn 75 units behind Kayle , travel through her, and are destroyed once they've traveled 850 units. Their technical details are: Range: 850 (755 effective) Width: 200 Projectile Speed: 2800 Angle: 18° (left and right at 9° to their side, respectively) Projectile blocking effects can block each projectile individually. It is possible to block the visuals, but still get hit by an unblocked "invisible" hitbox projectile. Hitting an enemy with multiple projectiles of the same wave will not increase the damage dealt. The fire wave shares cast instance with the triggering basic attack. The amount of Conqueror stacks gained will be ( 2 / 1 ) if the basic attack deals damage first or 2 if the wave does so. Keep in mind that it's still two damage instances. If one triggers Bone Plating , the other's damage will be blocked. Fire waves roll critical strike chance on each target hit individually. The distance of the fire waves scales with bonus attack range. A known issue is that despite dealing area spell damage the fire wave does not: consume Mana Charge from Tear of the Goddess and its upgrades, or trigger Manaflow Band . Interactions & Other Because Kayle is both a melee and ranged champion, she can purchase both ranged and melee exclusive items at anytime, but their effects will function depending on her current range type; the same principle also applies to runes . However, keep in mind that, prior to ascending to Arisen , Starfire Spellblade also changes this behaviour based on its usage. Waves are fired in the direction that Kayle is facing. Changing that during the attack windup via Flash will also change the direction of the wave. Each ascension has an unique animation and a voice line. ( See: Kayle's quotes ) The ascensions' animation will override the current one, but it does not cancel Kayle's current action, nor her previous orders. Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit Wave bonus AD ratio changed to 7% bonus AD . Wave AP ratio changed to 17% AP . Edit Radiant Blast Radiant Blast COST: 70 / 75 / 80 / 85 / 90 Mana COOLDOWN: 12 / 11 / 10 / 9 / 8 CAST TIME: Attack Windup Time RANGE: 900 WIDTH: 150 SPEED: 1600 Active: Kayle conjures a portal in front of her that faces the target direction, from which a celestial sword launches forward. The sword expands upon hitting an enemy, targets struck in the area are dealt magic damage , slowed for 2 seconds, and inflicted with 15% reduced armor and magic resistance for 4 seconds. Magic Damage: 60 / 100 / 140 / 180 / 220 (+ 60% bonus AD) (+ 50% AP) Slow: 26 / 32 / 38 / 44 / 50% Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Video Info Targeting input Direction Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Magic Counters Spell shield Projectile Blocked Blocked Details This ability has a cast time and cast delay. The former represents the amount of time Kayle needs to spend to cast and is equal to her attack windup time. The latter is the amount of time the portal needs to launch the sword, which is always 0. 264 seconds seconds, starting from the beginning of the cast time. As implied by the previous point, the portal is created at the start of the cast time and Kayle does not have to be alive for it to launch the sword. The portal does not follow Kayle's movements, using Flash or getting displaced won't change its position nor direction either. The cast time can be calculated by dividing Kayle's windup percent value (0. 193555 ) with her current total attack speed. Radiant Blast's cast time is 0. 33 seconds at base attack speed, is at most 0. 99 seconds at the minimum attack speed of 0.2 , and is 0. 099 seconds at the attack speed cap of 2.5 . The cast time can be further decreased with effects that allows the player to bypass the attack speed cap, such as Lethal Tempo , Additionally, it should be noted that due to action only taking place on whole game ticks, the cast time can only be changed in fractions of 0. 033 seconds. This also means that the lowest possible cast time is 0. 033 seconds, requiring at least 5.8652 attack speed. Correction: Important to note that in patch V9.17 , Radiant Blast's cast time was changed to be a flat 0. 25 seconds, rather than scaling with the attack windup time. In patch V10.4 , this was undocumentedly changed back. Whether the change to scale with windup time again was intentional or not is unknown. The resistance reduction is applied after the damage has been dealt. The expansion consist of 5 hitboxes, forming a cross-like shape centered 100 units ahead from the impact in its direction. Their technical details can be seen below and visualized on the image to the right. The left side shows projectile's width and the total area traveled if it does not hit a target, while the right side shows the explosions when it hits a target. ExplosionCenter : 100 radius ExplosionLeft : 150 distance, 125 width ExplosionRight : 150 distance, 125 width ExplosionBackward : 100 distance, 90 width ExplosionForward : 400 distance, 90 width Interactions & Other The visual effects of the explosion shows the blade and guard of Kayle's swords. The resistance reduction can be tracked on the HUD as a debuff called Sundered and has a special icon that can be seen below. Correction: Note that the PsyOps skin still uses the old shred VFX, which also only shows for 3 seconds (effect duration is not affected). This is possibly an oversight as all existing, and at the time released Dragon Slayer, skins were updated properly in V11.18 . https://leagueoflegends.fandom.com/wiki/File:Celestine_Wish_Kayle_PsyOps_Shred_Indicator_Issue.mp4 Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit Slow changed to 15 / 20 / 25 / 30 / 35%. Video Edit Celestial Blessing Celestial Blessing COST: 90 / 100 / 110 / 120 / 130 Mana COOLDOWN: 15 CAST TIME: 0. 25 TARGET RANGE: 900 Active: Kayle and the target allied champion are healed and gain bonus movement speed for 2 seconds. Heal: 55 / 80 / 105 / 130 / 155 (+ 25% AP) Bonus Movement Speed: 24 / 28 / 32 / 36 / 40% (+ 8% per 100 AP) If cast without a valid target, or self-cast , Celestial Blessing will automatically target the closest allied champion in range, prioritizing the one with the lowest health . Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Video Info Targeting input Unit / Auto Details Celestial Blessing's cast time does not interrupt movement and the effects are applied at the start. Interactions & Other If cast with auto-targeting , Celestial Blessing may target allies who are untargetable , or allied clones that cannot be targeted by allies (such as Wukong's Warrior Trickster ). Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit Bonus movement speed changed to 15 / 20 / 25 / 30 / 35%. Video Edit Starfire Spellblade Starfire Spellblade COOLDOWN : 8 / 7. 5 / 7 / 6. 5 / 6 CAST TIME: none EFFECT RADIUS: 350 Passive: Kayle deals bonus magic damage on-hit . Passive Damage: 15 / 20 / 25 / 30 / 35 (+ 10% bonus AD) (+ 20% AP) Active: Kayle kindles her blade, empowering her next basic attack within 6 seconds to have an uncancellable windup and deal additional bonus magic damage on-hit that is capped at 400 against monsters . If Kayle is not yet Arisen , this attack becomes ranged with 525 range . Bonus Magic Damage: 8 / 8. 5 / 9 / 9. 5 / 10% (+ 1. 5 % per 100 AP) of target's missing health Aflame Bonus: The attack explodes upon the target, dealing its damage to surrounding enemies and applying on-hit effects. This is affected by critical strike modifiers. Starfire Spellblade resets Kayle's basic attack timer. Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Video Info Targeting input Auto Damage type Type Sub-type Minion Aggro See Notes Magic Drawn Counters Spell shield Parries Projectile Blocked See Notes Blocked Details Starfire Spellblade will be buffered and cast when the cooldown ends if the player attempts to cast it within 0.1 seconds of the cooldown ending. Starfire Spellblade consist of 3 parts, each dealing different type of damage source type: The basic attack part deals basic . The passive's on-hit effect deals proc . The active's portion deals spell . Additionally, the damage against secondary targets caught in the explosion is also tagged as area of effect . The basic attack and the active's portion shares the same cast instance since patch V11.1 . (Exception: Muramana , see under Interactions & Other .) Parry interactions: Blind : The main target will never receive damage, but the secondary targets will receive the active's spell damage. Block : Blocking will always negate all damage. Keep in mind that if a secondary target is outside of Spirit's Refuge's zone, they won't block damage. Dodge : Dodging will always negate all damage. PENDING FOR TEST: : All parry interactions are marked for retesting because of patch V11.1 changes. Interactions & Other While the active's effect is up, a circle is visible to Kayle , indicating her range , however, this circle only takes into account Divine Ascent's effect on her range, not other sources such as Rapid Firecannon . The increased range (with the item's effect included) will be 675 prior to ascending to Transcendent , after which it's 725 . To clarify the description, Starfire Spellblade can behave both as a ranged and melee attack based on how far the target is prior to Kayle ascending to Arisen , after which the attack will be always using ranged standards. If the target is 200 units away or closer, the attack will be considered melee. This also uses her melee animations, not utilizing projectiles even after ascending. If the target is over 200 units, the attack will be considered ranged. To further expand on this: Using the ranged empowered attack will change Kayle's range type to ranged while the projectile is alive. This means that if the target could outrun the projectile, Kayle would be stuck on being ranged, although the bonuses from the active are not kept. While it's unlikely to be on this temporary ranged state for longer than half a seconds during a normal playthrough, it is possible to achieve few seconds when specific conditions are met. Keep in mind that while on-hit effects will be applied to all targets in the explision, on-attack effects are only applied once per basic attack, not per target hit. Single-use on-hits, such as Spellblade , will be applied to the main target. If the main target died prior to the projectile reaching them, or if it was a jungle plant , the effects will be applied to the closest target from the explosion's center. Guinsoo's Rageblade's Phantom Hit can only be applied to the main target. Despite being one cast instance, Starfire Spellblade triggers Muramana's Shock twice on each target, dealing normal bonus damage after the basic attack and increased bonus damage after the spell, totalling at ( 5% / 4. 2 % ) maximum mana (+ 6% AD) bonus physical damage . Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit Passive base damage changed to 5 / 10 / 15 / 20 / 25. Passive AD ratio changed to 7% bonus AD . Passive AP ratio changed to 14% AP . Health ratio changed to 6. 5 / 7 / 7. 5 / 8 / 8. 5 % of target's missing health . Video Edit Divine Judgment Divine Judgment COST: 100 / 50 / 0 mana COOLDOWN: 160 / 120 / 80 CAST TIME: 0. 5 TARGET RANGE: 900 EFFECT RADIUS: 675 / 675 / 775 Active: Kayle grants herself or a target allied champion invulnerability for 2. 5 seconds and conjures swords of fire. After 2. 5 seconds, she rains the swords down around the target, dealing magic damage to nearby enemies. Magic Damage: 200 / 300 / 400 (+ 100% bonus AD) (+ 70% AP) Link ▶️ "Drown in holy fire!" Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Video Info Targeting input Unit Target out-of-range override Walk in range of the target Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Magic Counters Spell shield Blocked Details Divine Judgment's cast time does not interrupt movement and the cast will finish even after Kayle's death. Since internalraw damage ignores invulnerability, the target may still die via the Nexus Obelisk , but the ability will finish at their corpse's position regardless. Divine Judgment will prioritize casting on allies over Kayle . This means that if Kayle's and an ally's selection ranges are intercepting each other on the cursor's position, the cast will always occur on the ally. Prior to becoming Transcended via Divine Ascent , casting Divine Judgment refreshes the duration of Zeal stacks at the start of the cast time to ensure that it does not expire while she can't attack during the cast. During cast, an indicator for the damaging area can be seen around the target, however, this is not visible if there is no sight on the them. Divine Judgment can be cast on clones too, including Shapesplitter and Warrior Trickster , which are normally not targetable for allies. While it's uncommon occurence, it is possible to cast Divine Judgment on targets who just entered resurrection or zombie state . This is only possible with very strict timing and perhaps high latency. It's recommended to avoid both of the afformentioned interactions, as they renders the usage of Divine Judgment useless in many cases. Interactions & Other While the target is invulnerable, a number indicator will appear beneath them whenever they would receive damage to show the amount that was entirely mitigated. This is calculated pre-mitigation, meaning before resistances and reductions are taken into account. Rapid Firecannon's Energized effect behaves strangely with the set basic attack range: If the ability is cast while the effect is ready, the range goes from 400 to 385 over 4 stat updates (400 -> 390 -> 387 -> 385). When the cast completes, the proper range needs 2 updates to set in ( 660 - 675 while Arisen ; 710 - 725 while Transcended ). Gaining the effect during the cast will cause the range to cycle between 525 and 550 until the cast finishes, then the proper range is set after 1 update. Selling the item during the cast causes the range to be set to 250 . PENDING FOR TEST: Range values are outdated because of patch V11.18 changes to Kayle . The invulnerability can be tracked on the HUD via a buff called Intervention . Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit Base damage changed to 150 / 225 / 300. Cooldown changed to 320 / 240 / 160 seconds. Video Notes [ ] As mentioned in some of the ability descriptions, Kayle's basic attacks within 175 units will always use her melee animation, even after becoming ranged, not utilizing projectiles. Basic attack empowered by Starfire Spellblade have a 200 "melee" range. Once reaching the second ascension at level 11, Kayle's portrait icon for certain skins will change: On the Original skin becomes . On the Silver skin becomes . On the Viridian skin becomes . On the Battleborn skin becomes . On the Aether Wing skin becomes . On the Riot skin becomes . On the Pentakill skin becomes . On the PsyOps skin becomes . On the Dragonslayer skin becomes File:Kayle DragonslayerCircle Ascension.png . On the Pentakill III: Lost Chapter skin becomes . On the Sun-Eater skin becomes . Keep in mind that from others' point of view, only the Original skin is shown. Trivia [ ] The projectile speed of Kayle's basic attacks are the second highest in the game with its 5000 speed among all ranged basic attacks that utilizes projectiles. Aphelios' Severum gun has the fastest at 92400 speed, while Soraka has the slowest at 1000 speed. The average is between 1500 and 2000. The first buff from Kayle's innate passive ( Zeal ) shares its name with the item Zeal . Her dance references Elaine Benes' dance from Seinfeld . A side-by-side comparison can be seen here . In Ultimate Spellbook , Kayle ascends without the player's input. This is caused by the fact that the choosen Ult-ernate Summoner Spells are automatically ranked up when the required levels are reached, which also matches the levels that the player may initiate the ascensions on. Champion skins [ ] This article section only contains champion skins. For all associated collection items, see Kayle (Collection) . Original View in 3D 260 21.02.2009 Born to a Targonian Aspect at the height of the Rune Wars, Kayle honored her mother’s legacy by fighting for justice on wings of divine flame. She and her twin sister Morgana were the protectors of Demacia for many years—until Kayle became disillusioned with the repeated failings of mortals, and abandoned this realm altogether. Still, legends are told of her punishing the unjust with her fiery swords, and many hope that she will one day return… Zehra Fazal Jessica 'OwleyCat' Oyhenart, Victor '3rdColossus' Maury, Jennifer Wuestling Loot eligible Silver View in 3D Special 13.11.2009 Given to players who purchased the Retail Collector's Edition of League of Legends. Zehra Fazal Jem Flores Collector's Edition Loot inelgible New SFX/VFX Viridian View in 3D 520 01.06.2010 Forest Elves are long lived compared to the humans they live among, and many delve into centuries-long explorations for even a scrap of their empires' lost magic. Those who find it, such as Kayle, are gifted with incredible powers over the natural world. Zehra Fazal Zeen Chin Albion Loot eligible Chromas Viridian Kayle Chromas Aquamarine Citrine Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Transcended View in 3D 975 13.07.2010 Having cast aside her humanity, Kayle has transcended and fully assumed her mother's mantle as the divine Aspect of Justice. She is aware of her mortal origins, but views it as something distant that she left behind very long ago. Zehra Fazal Atey Ghailan Otherroads Loot eligible Legacy Battleborn View in 3D 975 18.04.2011 Kayle is a benevolent goddess in times of peace, and a terrifying battle spirit in times of war. She wears the traditional warpaint of her people as a living record of their victories and power. Zehra Fazal Bo 'chenbowow' Chen Woad Loot eligible New SFX/VFX Judgment View in 3D Special 22.08.2011 Those poor souls accused of crimes are brought before the all-seeing entity Kayle, where their deeds are judged with cold dispassion. Few are absolved, and fewer still escape their sentence. Zehra Fazal Viktor Titov, Grafit Studio Legacy Loot inelgible New SFX/VFX Aether Wing View in 3D 1820 18.01.2013 Authorized pilot of the X07-Gevurah combat exosuit, Kayle is a justicar of the Royal Space Military operating deep in the heart of lawless space. Though her mission is to uphold the fragile postwar peace, years of violent conflict have radicalized her—now she acts as heartless judge, jury, and executioner for anyone or anything that falls beneath her gaze. Zehra Fazal Alex 'alexplank' Flores Steel Valkyries Loot eligible New voiceover New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Aether Wing Kayle Chromas Ace Amethyst Emerald Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Riot View in 3D 975 12.08.2014 A Riot Games skin obtained by either meeting a Rioter or attending an official Riot event in 2014. Zehra Fazal John Yucedag Riot Loot eligible Legacy New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Iron Inquisitor View in 3D 750 04.05.2016 To be crowned inquisitor was to take a stand against the darkness, and at the head of the order stood Kayle, for her light shone the brightest. But darkness comes in many forms, and when the city fell, even its greatest champion would eventually turn upon her sisters. Zehra Fazal Pan Chengwei Omen of the Dark Loot eligible Pentakill View in 3D 1350 08.08.2017 When PENTAKILL needed a female vocalist, the heavens parted and a literal angel of rock fell to earth, taking up her sword-mic for the eternal glory of heavy metal. Zehra Fazal Alvin Lee, Kan Liu Pentakill Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall PsyOps View in 3D 1350 17.09.2020 A self-described “savior” and powerful psionic swordswoman, Kayle views herself as an impartial judge in world affairs, appearing on wings powered by psychic energy as an angel of war. Her understanding of the world is black and white to a frightening extreme, and she has joined the paramilitary BRG to see her twisted vision realized. Zehra Fazal West Studio Black Rose Group Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas PsyOps Kayle Chromas Emerald Hunter Rose Quartz Ruby Sandstone Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Dragonslayer View in 3D 1350 15.04.2021 A famous dragonslayer who vanished into the distant mountains, obsessed with destroying the dragon lineage utterly. Many years later she has returned, so changed by the carnage that she has begun to resemble a dragon herself. Zehra Fazal Forrest Imel, West Studio Dragon World Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Dragonslayer Kayle Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Pentakill Lost Chapter View in 3D 1350 09.09.2021 All hail, Kayle, the Bringer of Woe! With the strength of a self-righteous angel, she claims justice and judgment soar on her wings of wrath. Surely, if any can rally the warrior host of metal, it will be her. Zehra Fazal Terence 'Terrylefruit' Cantal, West Studio Pentakill III: The Lost Chapter Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Kayle Chromas Aquamarine Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Sun-Eater View in 3D 1350 28.04.2022 The hated sun-eater, Kayle wished to be one with the divine she loved, devouring the primordial sun and steeping the land in an eternal eclipse. Driven mad with light and unable to contain her power, she passed fragments down to an army of witch-knights, who slew the other gods in an act of unforgivable blasphemy. Zehra Fazal Marie Magny, West Studio Eclipse Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Sun-Eater Kayle Chromas Citrine Emerald Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Immortal Journey View in 3D 1350 16.08.2023 The Grounded Foresight School teaches power in knowing one's surroundings, but as Kayle nears immortality, doubt has crept in. Her parents' random deaths fostered a desire to exert as much control as possible in her life, but with her teacher Zed's banishment, the ground is now shaky. Immortality, she hopes, will finally give her solid footing. Zehra Fazal Huyy Nguyen, West Studio Immortal Journey Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Immortal Journey Kayle Chromas Amethyst Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Patch history [ ] For the expanded patch notes, see here Trivia [ ] Kayle, the Judicator Kayle was the first to have her dance changed after release, (followed by Veigar ) the first to have her abilities reworked three times since release, (followed by Ryze ) and the first to use Chinese artwork outside Asian servers. Kayle - Morgana is one of seven pairs of sibling champions (the others being Cassiopeia - Katarina , Garen - Lux , Nasus - Renekton , Yasuo - Yone , Darius - Draven , and Vi - Jinx ). Though not a pair, Anivia , Ornn , and Volibear are also siblings. During Alpha Test , she was simply called 'Judicator' and at one point she was incorrectly listed as a tank . Her old dance referenced Will Smith's "Jump on It" dance from The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air . A side-by-side comparison can be seen here . She shared this dance with Singed . Her new dance is a reference to the dance of Elaine Benes from Seinfeld "The Little Kicks" . In the now-removed official League of Legends forums , the original icon of Intervention was used to represent the "Mac Client" section. See also [ ] League of Legends Wiki | Champions Cancelled Champions Ao Shin Avasha Averdrian CeeCee Cyborg Cowboy Eagle Rider Gavid Husk Iron Engineer Ivan Omen Priscilla Rob Blackblade Seth Tabu Tiki Urf Well References [ ] ↑ Kayle's profile page at LeagueOfLegends.com