Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Kayn View in 3D 975 / 11-Jul-2017 Soulhunter Kayn View in 3D 1350 / 11-Jul-2017 Odyssey Kayn View in 3D 1820 / 12-Sep-2018 Nightbringer Kayn View in 3D 1350 / 23-Sep-2021 Snow Moon Kayn View in 3D 1350 / 23-Jun-2022 HEARTSTEEL Kayn View in 3D 1820 / 08-Nov-2023 HEARTSTEEL Kayn Chromas Citrine Pearl Rockstar Rose Quartz Ruby Nightbringer Kayn Chromas Catseye Deathbringer Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Odyssey Kayn Chromas Emerald Merc Pearl Ruby Sapphire Snow Moon Kayn Chromas Amethyst Meteorite Obsidian Ruby Rare & Limited Prestige Nightbringer Kayn View in 3D Special / 23-Sep-2021 Alternate Artwork [ ] Shadow Assassin Rhaast Screenshots [ ] Classic Kayn Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Inside Out Champions killed within 3s of being infested by Umbral Trespass (R) Quests Done Quick The Darkin Scythe (P) transformations within 13 minutes Shadow Distance Distance travelled through walls with Shadow Step (E) Darkin Harvest Champions hit twice by Reaping Slash (Q) Overreach Multiple champions hit with Blade's Reach (W) Shadow Reprieve Healing in champion combat with Shadow Step (E) Trivia [ ] Original Kayn His appearance was inspired by Amon from the manga and anime series Devilman . The method in which Darkin possess human bodies is similar to how Demons possess humans in Devilman. Humans in both instances can also overpower the demon/darkin and use their power as their own. His appearance pays homage to both Dante and Vergil from Devil May Cry , with Vergil's bluish color scheme and Dante's casual & confident attitude that he can subdue any demonic weapon to his will. Meanwhile, Rhaast's resembles Dante's reddish Devil Trigger forms. Other influences are various scythe-wielders in video games . Kayn may be a possible reference to Ling Yao , a character from the anime Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood . Both characters share similarities in that a superhuman entity reside in them which vies for control of their bodies (Rhaast, a Darkin inside Kayn and Greed , a Homunculus inside Ling Yao). Moreover, Kayn shares quite a lot of similarities in character design with Ling Yao. Kayn could also similar to Masane Amaha , a character from the anime Witchblade (An adaptation of the comics of the same name). Both wield weapons that are sentient in nature and try to take control of their bodies (Kayn's Scythe contains Rhaast, and Masane's gauntlet contains an unnamed entity), as well as both of them possessing supernatural powers. Soulhunter Kayn This skin shares the Bilgewater: Curse of the Drowned theme with: Dark Waters Diana Dark Waters Vladimir The Shadow Assassin form seems to reference the Abyss Watchers from Dark Souls 3 . Alternatively the long white hair, red cloak with a tricorne hat and the spell book clasped to his waist could serve as a reference to Final Fantasy's Red Mage . In the Russian localization, he was originally called 'Showerhunter Kayn' due to a naming error. [1] Odyssey Kayn Chromas: Emerald,  Merc,  Pearl,  Ruby,  Sapphire This skin shares the Odyssey theme with: Galaxy Slayer Zed Odyssey Aatrox Odyssey Jinx Odyssey Karma Odyssey Kha'Zix ...and others Odyssey Sivir Odyssey Sona Odyssey Twisted Fate Odyssey Yasuo Odyssey Ziggs Kayn is a big fan of K/DA Ahri's music. [2] The hairstyle resemble the villain Jean-Baptiste Emanuel Zorg in The Fifth Element , and his face to Kela De Thaym in Warframe . Both he and Sona , have the same yellow eyes and body marks because of the Ora in their body. They respectively reference Prince Nuada and Princess Nuala from the movie Hellboy II: The Golden Army . The skin is the boss for the Odyssey: Extraction game mode. The music that plays during his dance is a remix of Mass Effect's Uncharted Worlds . Dark Star Rhaast , who currently resides in the Odyssey universe, originally hails from the Event Horizon universe. Dark Star Rhaast wants to collect Ora to reopen the Ora Gate. Then, he can return to his world. [3] If he overpowers Rhaast, Kayn is able to absorb his Ora and gain the powers similar to that of a Cosmic entity from the Event Horizon universe. In Teamfight Tactics Set 3, he features as a PvE round monster in the Round 1-4 as "Kayn" and again in Round 8-7 as "Elite Kayn". Nightbringer Kayn Chromas: Catseye,  Deathbringer,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Nightbringer and Dawnbringer theme with: Dawnbringer Karma Dawnbringer Nidalee Dawnbringer Renekton Dawnbringer Vex Dawnbringer Yone ...and others Nightbringer Aphelios Nightbringer Nasus Nightbringer Tryndamere Nightbringer Vladimir Prestige Nightbringer Kayn Prestige Nightbringer Kayn This skin shares the Nightbringer and Dawnbringer theme with: Dawnbringer Karma Dawnbringer Nidalee Dawnbringer Renekton Dawnbringer Vex Dawnbringer Yone ...and others Nightbringer Aphelios Nightbringer Kayn Nightbringer Nasus Nightbringer Tryndamere Nightbringer Vladimir Snow Moon Kayn Chromas: Amethyst,  Meteorite,  Obsidian,  Ruby This skin shares the Snow Moon theme with: Snow Moon Ahri Snow Moon Caitlyn Snow Moon Illaoi Snow Moon Morgana Snow Moon Varus HEARTSTEEL Kayn Chromas: Citrine,  Pearl,  Rockstar,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the HEARTSTEEL theme with: HEARTSTEEL Aphelios HEARTSTEEL Ezreal HEARTSTEEL K'Sante HEARTSTEEL Sett HEARTSTEEL Yone Prestige HEARTSTEEL Yone References [ ] ↑ /DEV: KAYN AND THE SHOWERHUNTER ↑ K/DA Ahri and Odyssey Kayn ↑ Rhaast is not from the Odyssey universe References [ ]