Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Kennen View in 3D 880 / 08-Apr-2010 Karate Kennen View in 3D 520 / 08-Nov-2010 Kennen M.D. View in 3D 975 / 29-Mar-2011 Arctic Ops Kennen View in 3D 975 / 29-Dec-2011 Blood Moon Kennen View in 3D 975 / 25-Feb-2016 Super Kennen View in 3D 750 / 29-Mar-2017 Infernal Kennen View in 3D 1350 / 16-Jul-2020 Astronaut Kennen View in 3D 1350 / 24-Feb-2023 Astronaut Kennen Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Emerald Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Turquoise Infernal Kennen Chromas Amethyst Catseye Emerald Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Kennen M.D. Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Citrine Obsidian Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Legacy Vault Deadly Kennen View in 3D 520 / 08-Apr-2010 Swamp Master Kennen View in 3D 520 / 08-Apr-2010 DWG Kennen View in 3D 1350 / 29-Apr-2021 DWG Kennen Chromas Elite Screenshots [ ] Arctic Ops Kennen Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Electric Drift Champions passed through during Lightning Rush (E) Maelstrom Menace Multiple (2+) champion stuns during Slicing Maelstrom (R) Power Surge Champions killed with Electrical Surge (W) Break The Wind Damage to champions with Electrical Surge (W, WP) Prune The Tree Champions hit with Thundering Shuriken (Q) at greater than 75% of max range Thunder Wave Champions stunned with Mark of the Storm (P) Trivia [ ] Original Kennen The scene depicts him throwing a Thundering Shuriken . His very first splash art was directly tweaked for the first splash art of his Deadly and Swamp Master skins. Karate Kennen This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali He references Karate Kid . Deadly Kennen This skin shares the Silver Age theme with: Augmented Singed Bioforge Darius Chemtech Tryndamere Cryocore Brand Feral Warwick ...and others Phoenix Quinn Rocket Girl Tristana Super Kennen Super Teemo Toxic Dr. Mundo He strongly resembles the anti-hero Deadpool from the Marvel Comics . Swamp Master Kennen This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali He might be referencing Yoda from Star Wars . Kennen M.D. Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Citrine,  Obsidian,  Rainbow,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire This skin shares the Rift Hospital theme with: Nurse Akali Surgeon Shen He is conducting a CT scan on Cho'Gath after he feasted on a pre-Visual Update blue melee minion . He references The Adventures of Dr. McNinja . In 2020, he received new visual effects, chromas, and a border and icon set, with all profits between June 25th and July 23rd being donated to the Riot Games Social Impact Fund to aid global COVID-19 relief efforts. [1] Arctic Ops Kennen This skin shares the Arctic Ops theme with: Arctic Ops Gragas Arctic Ops Varus Arctic Warfare Caitlyn Northern Front Swain Northern Storm Volibear His Shuriken becomes a Kunai . Blood Moon Kennen This skin shares the Blood Moon theme with: Blood Moon Akali Blood Moon Diana Blood Moon Evelynn Blood Moon Katarina Blood Moon Pyke ...and others Blood Moon Shen Blood Moon Sivir Blood Moon Thresh Blood Moon Tryndamere Blood Moon Zilean The mask he is wearing references the ones used in Japanese Noh theater. Super Kennen This skin shares the Silver Age theme with: Augmented Singed Bioforge Darius Chemtech Tryndamere Cryocore Brand Deadly Kennen ...and others Feral Warwick Phoenix Quinn Rocket Girl Tristana Super Teemo Toxic Dr. Mundo He was released in celebration of April Fools' Day 2017 along with: Moo Cow Alistar Pug'Maw Renektoy Pug'Maw is chasing him and the others. His appearance may have been inspired by Quicksilver from the Marvel Comics . Infernal Kennen Chromas: Amethyst,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Rainbow,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Infernal theme with: Charred Maokai Firefang Warwick Infernal Akali Infernal Alistar Infernal Amumu ...and others Infernal Diana Infernal Shen Scorched Earth Renekton Scorched Earth Xerath Wildfire Zyra DWG Kennen Chromas: Elite This skin shares the World Champions: 2020 theme with: DWG Jhin DWG Leona DWG Nidalee DWG Twisted Fate The skin represents Nuguri of Damwon Gaming, the top laner of the team that became the champion of the 2020 World Championship. Since "Nuguri" means "racoon", Kennen looks like a racoon himself. During recall and idle animations, he will sleep while holding a racoon puppet. Astronaut Kennen Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Turquoise This skin shares the Astronauts theme with: Astronaut Bard Astronaut Corki Astronaut Fizz Astronaut Ivern Astronaut Maokai ...and others Astronaut Poppy Astronaut Singed Astronaut Teemo Astronaut Xerath AstroNautilus References [ ] ↑ COVID-19 Charity Fundraiser Details