Games Universe • League of Legends • Teamfight Tactics • Wild Rift Image Kha'Zix Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Kha'Zix the Voidreaver Release date 2012-09-27 Last changed V13.17 Class(es) Assassin Legacy Assassin Position(s) Jungle Resource Mana Range type Melee Adaptive type Physical Store price 4800 | 880 Crafting + 2880 Ratings Damage 3 Toughness 1 Control 1 Mobility 2 Utility 1 Style Difficulty Champion Spotlight Kha'Zix Champion Spotlight Kha'Zix is a champion in League of Legends . [1] Gameplay • Cosmetics • Audio • Development • Patch History • History • Trivia Base statistics Khazix Edit Health 643 +99 Mana 327 +40 Health regen. (per 5s) 7.5 +0.75 Mana regen. (per 5s) 7.59 +0.5 Armor 36 +4.2 Attack damage 60 +3.1 Magic resist. 32 +2.05 Crit. damage 175% Move. speed 350 Attack range 125 Attack speed Base AS 0.668 Attack windup 20.053% AS ratio N/A Bonus AS +2.7 % Unit radius Gameplay radius 65 Selection radius 130 Pathing radius 35 Acq. radius 400 Special statistics ARAM Nexus Blitz One For All URF Ult Spellbook Arena Damage Dealt +5% Damage Received -10% Healing +20% Tenacity & Slow Resist +20% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Abilities [ ] Edit Unseen Threat Unseen Threat Innate: Kha'Zix gains Unseen Threat whenever the enemy loses sight of him or he activates Void Assault . Unseen Threat: Kha'Zix empowers his next basic attack against an enemy champion to deal 14 − 116 (based on level) (+ 40% bonus AD) bonus magic damage and slow them by 25% for 2 seconds. Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Passive Damage type Type Sub-type Spell damage Magic Counters Spell shield Parries Not Blocked Blocked Any form of vision loss may trigger Unseen Threat , such as Curse of the Black Mist , nearsight and Brushmaker . Void Assault grants Unseen Threat even if Kha'Zix never becomes unseen (e.g. affected by true sight ). Other stealth such as Senna's Curse of the Black Mist does not do this. Both the attack's damage and bonus spell damage are grouped under the same Spell ID. Because of this, a single Unseen Threat attack does not trigger two Electrocute stacks. Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit Bonus AD ratio changed to 55% bonus AD . Slow strength changed to 35%. Edit Taste Their Fear Taste Their Fear COST: 20 Mana COOLDOWN: 4 CAST TIME: 0. 25 TARGET RANGE: 325 EFFECT RADIUS: 375 Passive: Kha'Zix considers any enemy unit to be Isolated if they are not nearby to one of their allies. Taste Their Fear , Evolved Reaper Claws , and Evolved Spike Racks have special interactions against Isolated targets. Active: Kha'Zix slashes the target enemy, dealing physical damage , increased by 110% against Isolated targets. Physical Damage: 70 / 95 / 120 / 145 / 170 (+ 110% bonus AD) Increased Damage: 147 / 199. 5 / 252 / 304. 5 / 357 (+ 231% bonus AD) Edit Evolved Reaper Claws Evolved Reaper Claws TARGET RANGE: 375 Passive: Kha'Zix gains 50 bonus range on his basic attacks and Taste Their Fear . Evolved Bonus: If the target is Isolated , the cooldown is reduced by 45%. Hide Taste Their Fear Details Evolved Reaper Claws Details Targeting input Unit Target out-of-range override Walk in range of the target Damage type Type Sub-type Minion Aggro Spell damage Physical Drawn Counters Spell shield Blocked Notes A team's allies are champions , pets , minions and outer turrets . Monsters are considered allies for other monsters. Wards do not prevent Isolation . A number of targetable champion summoned units are specifically tagged to not be a valid ally of a potentially Isolated target. These units are: Gangplank's Powder Keg Illaoi's Prophet of an Elder God Jhin's Captive Audience Nidalee's Bushwhack Rek'Sai's Tunnel Senna's Absolution's Mist Wraiths Teemo's Noxious Trap Viego's Sovereign's Domination's Mist Wraiths Yorick's Dark Procession Isolated targets are marked by an indicator to Kha'Zix when visible and within 2500 units of him. However, Isolation bonuses are evaluated when the relevant spells hit and thus enemies do not need to show the indicator for them to receive the effects. If the target becomes untargetable , dies , or is too far away or no longer in sight during the cast time, this ability will cancel but does not go on cooldown nor pay its cost (if applicable). Targeting input Unit Target out-of-range override Walk in range of the target Damage type Type Sub-type Minion Aggro Spell damage Physical Drawn Counters Spell shield Blocked Notes No additional details. Edit Void Spike Void Spike COST: 55 / 60 / 65 / 70 / 75 Mana COOLDOWN: 9 CAST TIME: 0. 25 TARGET RANGE: 1025 EFFECT RADIUS: 275 WIDTH: 140 SPEED: 1700 Active: Kha'Zix fires a bolt of spikes in the target direction that explodes upon hitting an enemy, dealing physical damage to nearby enemies. Physical Damage: 85 / 115 / 145 / 175 / 205 (+ 100% bonus AD) Kha'Zix heals himself if he is within the explosion. Heal: 55 / 75 / 95 / 115 / 135 (+ 50% AP) Edit Evolved Spike Racks Evolved Spike Racks Evolved Bonus: Void Spike now fires three clusters in a cone, slows by 40% and reveals enemy champions hit for 2 seconds. Multiple explosions do not deal extra damage to the same target nor provide Kha'Zix with additional healing. Isolated targets hit by Evolved Spike Racks are slowed by 75% instead. Hide Void Spike Details Evolved Spike Racks Details Video Targeting input Direction Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Physical Counters Spell shield Projectile Blocked Blocked Notes This ability will cast from wherever the caster is at the end of the cast time. Void Spike's effect radius is centered around the location of the missile as it collides. Targeting input Direction Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Physical Counters Spell shield Projectile See Notes Blocked Notes This ability will cast from wherever the caster is at the end of the cast time. Evolved Spike Racks' effect radius is centered around the location of the missile as it collides. Spell shield will not block the reveal . Video Kha'Zix - W Edit Leap Leap COST: 50 Mana COOLDOWN: 20 / 18 / 16 / 14 / 12 CAST TIME: none TARGET RANGE: 700 EFFECT RADIUS: 300 Active: Kha'Zix leaps to the target location, dealing physical damage to nearby enemies upon arrival. Physical Damage: 65 / 100 / 135 / 170 / 205 (+ 20% bonus AD) Taste Their Fear can be cast during the dash. Leap will cast at max range if cast beyond that. Edit Evolved Wings Evolved Wings TARGET RANGE: 900 Evolved Bonus: Leap gains 200 bonus cast range, and the cooldown resets upon scoring a champion takedown . Hide Leap Details Evolved Wings Details Targeting input Location Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Physical Counters Spell shield Grounded Knockdown Blocked Disabled Interrupted Notes Kha'Zix can use his summoner spells and item actives while leaping . Targeting input Location Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Physical Counters Spell shield Grounded Knockdown Blocked Disabled Interrupted Notes Kha'Zix can use his summoner spells and item actives while leaping . Edit Void Assault Void Assault COST: 100 Mana COOLDOWN : 100 / 85 / 70 CAST TIME: none Passive: Each rank in Void Assault allows Kha'Zix to evolve one of his abilities, granting it additional effects. Evolving an ability causes him to enter a 2-second cast time. Kha'Zix cannot evolve while he is unable to cast abilities. Active: Kha'Zix becomes invisible for 1. 25 seconds, during which he gains 40% bonus movement speed . After 2 seconds of leaving invisibility , and for the next 12 seconds, Void Assault can be recast at no additional cost. Recast : Kha'Zix mimics the first cast's effects. Edit Evolved Adaptive Cloaking Evolved Adaptive Cloaking Evolved Bonus: The invisibility now lasts 2 seconds, and Void Assault can be recast twice. Hide Void Assault Details Evolved Adaptive Cloaking Details Targeting input Auto Notes Each cast counts as an ability activation for the purposes of on-cast effects such as Spellblade and triggering Force Pulse's passive. Kha'Zix receives the evolution even if he dies while in cast time. Every time Void Assault is ranked, a secondary menu will pop up for Kha'Zix to select an ability to evolve, this can only be done once per ability. The only way for Kha'Zix to evolve all of his abilities is to gain the fourth evolution point by being victorious in The Hunt is On! (by scoring a takedown on Rengar ). Targeting input Auto Notes No additional details. Champion skins [ ] This article section only contains champion skins. For all associated collection items, see Kha'Zix (Collection) . Original View in 3D 880 26.09.2012 The Void grows, and the Void adapts—in none of its myriad spawn are these truths more apparent than Kha’Zix. Evolution drives the core of this mutating horror, born to survive and to slay the strong. Where it struggles to do so, it grows new, more effective ways to counter and kill its prey. Initially a mindless beast, Kha’Zix’s intelligence has developed as much as its form. Now, the creature plans out its hunts, and even utilizes the visceral terror it engenders in its victims. Unknown voice actor Joshua 'HUGEnFAST' Brian Smith Loot eligible Mecha View in 3D 1350 26.09.2012 Designated K-ZX, the “Mecha Kha'Zix” unit was the first of the mecha line to be deployed against the kaiju threat. Due to its smaller size, it functions best in urban environments, adapting on the fly to threats against civilian populations. Unknown voice actor Unknown artist Mecha Loot eligible Voice filter Additional/unique quotes New SFX/VFX Chromas Mecha Kha'Zix Chromas Catseye Emerald Pearl Rose Quartz Sapphire Tanzanite Guardian of the Sands View in 3D 975 09.09.2014 Kha'Zix, the devouring scarab—ancient guardian of the sands, we invoke thee to protect us from an evil of our own making. Let no man tread upon these hallowed grounds, lest you consume them utterly. Unknown voice actor Sperasoft Studio Guardian of the Sands Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Death Blossom View in 3D 975 17.03.2016 Hidden among the great flower-fields of the north are the Death Blossoms, primeval hunters whose disarming beauty would lull even the bravest knight to tears, if but for a moment. For Kha'Zix, feeding upon these hardy souls offers yet another chance at metamorphosis… and a moment is all he needs. Unknown voice actor Jean 'Curing' Go Death Blossom Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Dark Star View in 3D 1350 03.05.2017 The hunger of the abyss, Kha'Zix is an alien horror whose ceaseless appetite feeds the Dark Star. Appearing before planets like a titanic locust, it devours all it encounters—the power of a hundred thousand stars fueling its evolution into an ever-greater threat. Unknown voice actor Xu 'Crow God' Cheng Dark Star Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Worlds 2018 View in 3D 1350 27.09.2018 Celebrating Worlds 2018 in Korea. Unknown voice actor Maki Planas Mata World Championship Loot eligible Legacy New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Worlds 2018 Kha'Zix Chromas 100 Thieves Afreeca Freecs Ascension Gaming Cloud9 DetonatioN FocusMe Dire Wolves EDward Gaming Flash Wolves Fnatic G-Rex G2 Esports Gambit Esports Generation Gaming Golden Infinity eSports CR Invictus Gaming KT Rolster KaBuM! e-Sports Kaos Latin Gamers MAD Team Phong Vũ Buffalo Royal Never Give Up SuperMassive eSports Team Liquid Team Vitality Odyssey View in 3D 1350 15.10.2020 A member of an elite bounty hunting organization, Kha'zix is cold, ruthless and always gets the job done. Though hired by Karma to track down the missing templars, she doesn't realize that Kha'zix is a double agent secretly working for Aatrox to bring Karma to him. Unknown voice actor Sean 'Raiko' Tay, West Studio Odyssey Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Odyssey Kha'Zix Chromas Citrine Emerald Merc Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Lunar Guardian View in 3D 1350 26.01.2023 Kha'Zix stalked the waters of Crescent Bay, his teeth and claws greeting anyone foolish enough to wander near. But there was something different about the Empress Ashe: she desired the same, unattainable power he craved. So he swore fealty to her—something he hadn't done in centuries—ready to fight by her side for a taste at the life he once led. Unknown voice actor Exia Xiaotong, West Studio Lunar Revel Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Lunar Guardian Kha'Zix Chromas Amethyst Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Resplendent Rose Quartz Ruby Turquoise Patch history [ ] For the expanded patch notes, see here Trivia [ ] Kha'Zix's production name was 'Teek'. [2] Ryan 'Morello' Scott stated Kha'Zix is completely unrelated to canceled champion Omen . [3] Kha'Zix was the last champion to feature an ' Art Spotlight '. When concealing himself (using Void Assault ) Kha'Zix will run in a different manner than usual. When acquiring Evolved Wings , Kha'Zix will fly for a few seconds while moving ( Pulsefire Ezreal and Monarch Kog'Maw do the same). The Hunt is On! between Kha'Zix and Rengar references Alien vs Predator . Isolation references Alien (Kha'Zix's main inspiration). Being an arthropodic invader from another world with scythes as his primary weapon, he also bears a striking resemblance to the real-life mantis & Metroid's Space Pirates , though he also possesses beetles' hardened outer wings. Void Spike's projectiles might be referencing a Hydralisk's from StarCraft . Kha'Zix can spend evolution points on abilities he has not learned yet (doing this only benefits Taste Their Fear for the bonus range on basic attacks). Kha'Zix must spend evolution points before ranking up any ability if he has any unspent points after ranking up Void Assault . Kha'Zix is the only Voidborn champion without true damage on any ability (unlike Feast , Icathian Surprise , Furious Bite , Endless Banquet , Organic Deconstruction , and Lifeform Disintegration Ray ). Kha'Zix's name means "You face yourself" in an old mortal language, possibly Shuriman or Ixtalian Kha'Zix had his game assets reused for several featured game modes . He was given a retexture and features as a monster called the "Jumpy Slashy Monster" in Invasion . His animations were reused for the Shimmerstriker monster in Odyssey: Extraction . See also [ ] League of Legends Wiki | Champions Cancelled Champions Ao Shin Avasha Averdrian CeeCee Cyborg Cowboy Eagle Rider Gavid Husk Iron Engineer Ivan Omen Priscilla Rob Blackblade Seth Tabu Tiki Urf Well References [ ] ↑ Kha'Zix's profile page at LeagueOfLegends.com ↑ Phreak on Kha'Zix ↑ Morello on Kha'Zix