A kill is the event of reducing an enemy champion's health to zero and successfully causing them to enter the death state. Triggering resurrection does not count as a kill. Contents 1 Rewards 1.1 Gold Reward 1.2 Buff Reward 2 Execution 3 Execute 4 Multi-kill 4.1 History 5 Ace 6 Champion bounties 7 Objective bounties 7.1 Notes 8 Triggering effects with kills 9 Champion abilities 9.1 Champion kill 9.2 Any unit kill 10 Items 10.1 Minion kill 10.2 Monster kill 11 Runes 12 See also 13 References Rewards [ ] The last player to strike the target champion is awarded with the kill, and all contributors within the last 10 seconds are awarded with an assist . When a champion is killed, all players who contributed to the kill receive gold and experience . Additionally, the player who is awarded with the kill may receive buffs . Gold Reward [ ] When a champion is killed, the killer receives a certain amount of Gold , while a reduced amount is shared between all the champions that assisted in the kill. 
A champion with many consecutive deaths will award a significantly reduced bounty, while one with many consecutive kills will award a higher bounty. See Bounties for further detail. Buff Reward [ ] If the champion killed has any transferable buffs ( Crest of Insight or Crest of Cinders ), the killer champion gains all of these buffs and the duration of each buff is reset. Execution [ ] If a champion dies and hasn't been damaged nor been inflicted with a debuff by an enemy champion in the last 15 seconds, they are executed (extended to 20 seconds on ARAM ). Otherwise, the kill is awarded to the enemy champion who last dealt damage or applied a debuff. Executions are caused by a turret , minion , or monster . An execution does not grant a bounty but still grants experience to nearby champions on the opposite team when it is caused by a turret or minion . In some cases it could be strategically advantageous for a player to purposefully be executed as an alternative to dying from an enemy champion; in doing so, the enemy receives no gold. Doing this on ARAM allows you to visit the shop without granting kills to the enemy team. Note that executions do not count as deaths for the purposes of resetting bounties, death streaks or kill streaks. Execute [ ] Damage indicator (exaggerated) Execution indicator An execute is the process of killing a unit by dealing 100% of their current health as true damage (or magic damage ) through the raw damage (or internalraw) source type. Executes destroy all shields before applying their damage, and will have no effect if the unit is invulnerable unless the source type is internalraw. Units with a minimum health threshold will be set to 1 health from non-internalraw executes. Most forms of executes only occur if the unit is below a specific health threshold. The following contains all executes : Champion abilities Aurelion Sol's Singularity Draven's Whirling Death Pyke's Death from Below Smolder's Super Scorcher Breath Syndra's Unleashed Power with Transcendent Urgot's Mercy Zeri's Uncharged Attack Ziggs' Satchel Charge Items The Collector Buffs Aspect of the Dragon The effects of the following also execute, but only against minions : Akshan's Comeuppance Gwen's Snip Snip! Malzahar's Malefic Visions Naafiri's Darkin Daggers Nilah's Formless Blade Sivir's Ricochet Sylas' Petricite Burst Bami's Cinder Minion Dematerializer (internalraw) Runic Compass Sunfire Aegis World Atlas Multi-kill [ ] The act of killing several champions within 10 seconds of each other (30 seconds to Penta Kill after a Quadra Kill if no enemy respawns). The following comments are shown: "Summoner" has slain "(slain name) Summoner" for a [...]!' Double Kill (2) Triple Kill (3) Quadra Kill (4) Penta Kill (5) Hexa Kill (6) Only on Hexakill . History [ ] Some footage from before the time where Hexakill was introduced showcases the possibility of achieving a Legendary Kill , which can occur after killing another enemy after a Penta Kill , on any gamemode other than Hexakill . [1] However this feature seems to have been removed from the game, and the time at which it occurred is uncertain. Ace [ ] An ace is defined as killing the last living champion of the enemy team. Scoring an ace is far easier than scoring a Penta Kill, since the only requisite is for the entire allied team to kill the enemy team, rather than one person killing the entire enemy team. There is no bonus associated with aces. Both teams can be aced at the same time. Champion bounties [ ] Teams earn gold rewards when they kill enemy champions. This reward is the bounty of the killed champion. The bounty of a champion depends on their number of consecutive kills or deaths. The number of consecutive kills a champion has is the number of times they have killed enemy champions since they last died or since the match began. The number of consecutive deaths a champion has is the number of times they have died since they last killed an enemy champion or since the match began. The more consecutive kills a champion has, the bigger their bounty. The more consecutive deaths a champion has, the smaller their bounty. Bounties are divided into two parts: Kill bounty: Earned by the champion who deals the killing blow. Assist bounty: Shared evenly among the champions who assist in the kill. Each part of the bounty is calculated using a system of tiers numbered from -9 to 8. Kill bounties in higher tiers are bigger.
Each champion starts the match in the bounty tier 0 and moves to other tiers as they kill enemies or die. Consecutive kills move a champion to a higher tier, while consecutive deaths move them to a lower tier. This table shows the number of consecutive kills or deaths required to access each tier, and the bounty earned by killing a champion in that tier: Tier Consecutive kills Consecutive deaths Kill bounty Assist bounty In game announcement 8 8+ 1000 (+ 100 per kill beyond the 7th). 150 Legendary 7 7 1000 150 Godlike 6 6 900 150 Dominating 5 5 800 150 Unstoppable 4 4 700 150 Rampage 3 3 600 150 Killing spree 2 2 450 150 1 1 300 150 0 0 0 300 150 − 1 1 274 137 − 2 2 220 110 − 3 3 176 88 − 4 4 140 70 − 5 5 112 56 − 6 6+ 100 50 CS gold = amount of gold earned from minions, monsters and support items. Bounties placed on champions based on their creep score adjust based on the number of support items on both teams. Tier resets to 0 when dying while being on a positive tier or when achieving a kill on a negative tier. Champions with negative tiers also have their tier increased by 1 for each 1000 gold earned from CS or by earning an assist. First blood gives 100 bonus gold to the kill bounty and 50 to the assist bounty. If, since their last death, a champion has earned 300 more gold from CS than the enemy team's average during that time, their bounty increases by 50 gold , plus another 50 gold for each additional 200 gold their advantage grows by thereafter. The amount is dynamic and is reduced if the player loses the advantage. Average is determined by dividing the enemy team's CS gold by 4. 3 , rather than five, based on the four sources of income on Summoner's Rift (top/mid/bot/jungle) + support item income. Modes with smaller teams divide by the number of champs per team instead (ex. 3 for Twisted Treeline). If you die with less CS gold than the enemy team's average, you'll respawn with a buffer equal to the difference. You won't start accruing a CS gold bounty until you've used up the buffer. All bounties, excluding base bounty, of a team are reduced by 20% if their total team gold is 3% lower than the opposing team's gold. The reduction is increased to 20% − 40% (based on Team Gold Deficit) and further increased to 40% − 80% (based on Team Gold Deficit) . Total assist bounty is reduced to 50% − 100% (based on Game Time) . On Summoner's Rift, Bounties do not increase mid-combat. If a champion earns multiple kills and then immediately dies, those kills will count toward their next death instead. On ARAM, bounties will increase mid-combat, and will be dispensed even if the champion dies immediately after earning the kills. A single kill cannot grant more than 1000 total gold to the killer. Since a champion's bounty can stack to greater values, any remaining gold will carry over. Because of this, enemies can be 'Shutdown' multiple times in succession. Bounties over 150 gold (before bounty reduction from team gold deficit) are visible in the scoreboard to both allies and enemies. Objective bounties [ ] Objective bounties The team that is sufficiently behind can receive objective bounties, calculated based on their experience and gold deficit as well as how many more Dragons and turrets the opposing team has secured. When an objective bounty is claimed, the bounty's gold is distributed evenly among all team members. The bounty's value can increase by up to 60% as a team falls further behind. Objective Bounty Baron Nashor 500 to 800 Dragons and Elder Dragon 500 to 800 Rift Herald 500 to 800 Inner turrets 400 to 640 Nexus turrets 400 to 640 Outer turrets 250 to 400 Notes [ ] Objective bounties are only available after 14:00 . The bounties activate 60 seconds after the team falls below the threshold and deactivate the same time after they rise above it. Bounties are highlighted on the minimap and the tab menu for both teams. Bounties fall off slightly earlier when the losing team reduces the lead. Claiming an objective bounty as bounties are lingering cancels all other objective bounties on the map (until bounties are reactivated due to a large lead). Gold accumulating passives and effects do not count towards a team's total gold when calculating bounties. Gold lead calculation is halved if a team has two or more champions with support items. Gold lead is significantly less likely to activate for a team if they have two or more champions with support items. Triggering effects with kills [ ] Champion abilities, items and runes that trigger an effect with a kill or assist can be seen on the takedown page. Champion abilities [ ] Champion kill [ ] The following abilities will trigger an effect upon killing an enemy champion, they will not trigger with an assist: Darius' Noxian Guillotine Draven's League of Draven Urgot's Fear Beyond Death Any unit kill [ ] The following abilities will trigger an effect upon killing any unit: Annie's Disintegrate Brand's Blaze Cassiopeia's Twin Fang Cho'Gath's Carnivore and Feast Darius' Crippling Strike Draven's League of Draven Fizz's Seastone Trident Gangplank's Parrrley Garen's Courage Irelia's Bladesurge Kalista's Pierce and Rend Karthus' Defile Kled's Skaarl the Cowardly Lizard LeBlanc's Sigil of Malice and Mimic: Sigil of Malice Malzahar's Malefic Visions Nasus' Siphoning Strike Neeko's Blooming Burst Nidalee's Pounce Sion's Soul Furnace Talon's Noxian Diplomacy Trundle's King's Tribute Tryndamere's Battle Fury Twisted Fate's Loaded Dice Varus' Living Vengeance Veigar's Baleful Strike Zyra's Rampant Growth Items [ ] Minion kill [ ] The following items will trigger an effect upon killing a minion: Cull Runic Compass World Atlas Monster kill [ ] The following items will trigger an effect upon killing a monster: Gustwalker Hatchling Mosstomper Seedling Scorchclaw Pup Runes [ ] Legend: Alacrity Legend: Tenacity Legend: Bloodline See also [ ] Assist Death Kill to Death Ratio Death Recap Kill/Old bounty values References [ ] ↑ Legendary Kill