Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Kled View in 3D 975 / 09-Aug-2016 Sir Kled View in 3D 975 / 09-Aug-2016 Marauder Kled View in 3D 1350 / 07-Jan-2021 Kibble-Head Kled View in 3D 1350 / 06-Apr-2023 Kibble-Head Kled Chromas Amethyst Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Marauder Kled Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Legacy Vault Count Kledula View in 3D 1350 / 24-Oct-2018 Count Kledula Chromas Emerald Golden Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Screenshots [ ] Classic Kled Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Chaaaaaaaarged Hits on champions with max-wind up Chaaaaaaaarge!!! (R) Emboldened Number of times Skaarl resummoned with Courage (P3) away from your base Hillbilly Contraption Champions pulled with Beartrap on a Rope (Q) Double Dash Champions hit with both casts of Jousting (E) Excessive Stabbing Damage to champions with the final Attack from Violent Tendencies (W) Get 'em, Skaarl! Champion kills within 6s of remounting Skaarl (P) Trivia [ ] Original Kled He and Skaarl may be referencing the characters Sir Didymus and Ambrosius from the movie Labyrinth . A sign depicting what seems to be Mordekaiser 's helmet with a red cross on top of it can be seen in the background. This is a reference to the fact that Mordekaiser ruled over the The Immortal Bastion before it became the capital of Noxus . Sir Kled This skin shares the Medieval theme with: Blacksmith Poppy King Tryndamere Little Knight Amumu Medieval Twitch Queen Ashe Sorceress Lux White Mage Veigar He was heavily inspired by Yosemite Sam from Looney Tunes . He and Skaarl respectively resemble an Onion Knight and a Chocobo (both from Final Fantasy ). The windmill in the background might be referencing Don Quixote . Rejected names for this skin include 'Kled the Cavalier' and 'Grass Knight Kled'. [1] Count Kledula Chromas: Emerald,  Golden,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Trick-or-Treat theme with: Count Kassadin FrankenTibbers Annie Haunted Zyra Headless Hecarim Mundo Mundo ...and others Nightmare Tryndamere Pumpkin Prince Amumu Ravenborn LeBlanc Trick or Treat Ekko Witch's Brew Blitzcrank Trick or Treat Ekko and Bewitching Janna can be seen in the background of his splash art. He was released in celebration of Harrowing 2018 along with: Trick or Treat Ekko Bewitching Janna Marauder Kled Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Marauder theme with: Marauder Alistar Marauder Ashe Marauder Kalista Marauder Olaf Marauder Warwick Marauder Xin Zhao Kibble-Head Kled Chromas: Amethyst,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire This skin shares the Cats Versus Dogs theme with: Corgi Corki Fuzz Fizz Kittalee Meowkai Meowrick ...and others Prestige Fuzz Fizz Prestige Fuzz Fizz (2022) Pretty Kitty Rengar Shiba Yuumi Woof and Lamb Kindred References [ ] ↑ /DEV: ON NAMING SKINS