Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Leona View in 3D 880 / 13-Jul-2011 Valkyrie Leona View in 3D 520 / 13-Jul-2011 Iron Solari Leona View in 3D 975 / 10-Feb-2012 Pool Party Leona View in 3D 975 / 09-Sep-2013 PROJECT: Leona View in 3D 1350 / 07-Sep-2015 Barbecue Leona View in 3D 750 / 07-Sep-2016 Solar Eclipse Leona View in 3D 1820 / 27-Nov-2018 Lunar Eclipse Leona View in 3D 1820 / 27-Nov-2018 Mecha Kingdoms Leona View in 3D 1350 / 15-Jan-2020 Battle Academia Leona View in 3D 1350 / 18-Mar-2021 Debonair Leona View in 3D 1350 / 09-Dec-2021 High Noon Leona View in 3D 1820 / 12-May-2022 Battle Academia Leona Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Debonair Leona Chromas Catseye Cerulean Club Emerald Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise High Noon Leona Chromas Catseye Nomad Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Mecha Kingdoms Leona Chromas Obsidian Peacekeeper Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Pool Party Leona Chromas Azure Lemon Pink Legacy Vault Defender Leona View in 3D 750 / 13-Jul-2011 DWG Leona View in 3D 1350 / 29-Apr-2021 DWG Leona Chromas Elite Rare & Limited Prestige Battle Academia Leona View in 3D Special / 18-Mar-2021 Crystalis Motus Leona View in 3D Special / 14-Jun-2023 Crystalis Motus Leona Chromas Reclaimed Screenshots [ ] Iron Solari Leona Pool Party Leona Classic Leona (Visual VFX Update) Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Blade Breaks Shield of Daybreak (Q) stuns on champions after Zenith Blade (E) on the same target Of The Heart Damage mitigated with Eclipse (W) Solar Smackdowns Champions hit with the center of Solar Flare (R) Don't Look Champions hit with Eclipse (W) Heat Daze Times 2.5s of Disables were applied to champions by Abilities within 4s Sunburn Damage to champions with Sunlight (P) Trivia [ ] Original Leona She might be referencing the Solar Exalted from Exalted . Her sword and her shield reference the Vergina Sun . Her sword design is similar to El'Druin , sword of Tyrael from the Diablo Franchise. Valkyrie Leona This skin shares the Fables theme with: Dark Valkyrie Diana Djinn Malzahar Loch Ness Cho'Gath Muse Sona Musketeer Twisted Fate ...and others Mythic Cassiopeia Perseus Pantheon Royal Guard Fiora Sasquatch Nunu & Willump Siren Cassiopeia She references the the eponymous figures from Norse mythology . When she hides in brush her outfit becomes transparent thus making her undergarments unintentionally visible. Iron Solari Leona This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Leopard Nidalee Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali Her outfit is based on the Locket of the Iron Solari . Zenith Blade sprouts phoenix wings during its trajectory. Eclipse makes the phoenix on her shield open its wings to cover her head. Solar Flare leaves an imprint resembling Locket of the Iron Solari upon impact. The Scarlet Macaw s in the background reference Michael 'IronStylus' Maurino (she is his brainchild and that bird is his favorite. The Look of Disapproval emoticon (ಠ_ಠ) is featured in the background. This is a reference to IronStylus's styling of the Scarlet Macaw. Lunari insignia on her board. Pool Party Leona Chromas: Azure,  Lemon,  Pink This skin shares the Pool Party theme with: Pool Party Caitlyn Pool Party Draven Pool Party Fiora Pool Party Graves Pool Party Miss Fortune ...and others Pool Party Orianna Pool Party Renekton Pool Party Sett Pool Party Zoe Pool Party Mundo In her splash art, Lux , Taric , and Ezreal in the Pool Party attire can be seen in the background. She was conceived by the playerbase as 'Sunbathing Leona'. Shield of Daybreak becomes a surfboard with a Lunari insignia hidden on its bottom-right inner side. This insignia was originally meant to be a tattoo. PROJECT: Leona This skin shares the PROJECT theme with: Prestige PROJECT: Sylas Prestige PROJECT: Zed PROJECT: Akali PROJECT: Ekko PROJECT: Fiora ...and others PROJECT: Renekton PROJECT: Sejuani PROJECT: Sylas PROJECT: Warwick PROJECT: Zed She is from an alternate future in which she was cybernetically augmented as part of the PROJECT Initiative. PROJECT: Yi describes her as: "Brilliance in pieces, shrouded in ethereal flame. Protector, light bringer. Lone voice. Stand and fight. In death-heavy fields, now still she stands, light washes over... will sacrifice anything to protect." If one tells PROJECT: Ashe they fight for 'protection' she'll say the following: " She remembers sunlight." Her gear includes: Retractable Strike Plate Hyper-Pulse Driver Ion Charge Shield H-Impact CTL Cylinder Unknown Barbecue Leona This skin shares the Culinary Masters theme with: Baker Pantheon Birdio Butcher Olaf Master Chef Tahm Kench Pizza Delivery Sivir Sashimi Akali Sinful Succulence Morgana Master Chef Tahm Kench can be seen in the background. Solar Eclipse Leona This skin shares the Eclipse theme with: Lunar Eclipse Aatrox Lunar Eclipse Leona Lunar Eclipse Senna Prestige Lunar Eclipse Senna Solar Eclipse Sejuani Solar Eclipse Sivir Sun-Eater Kayle Both Eclipse skins were originally concepted as a fan skin by Sunny 'Kindlejack' Koda , before he joined Riot. [1] The sword is based off African blades like the Ikakalaka and the Hunga Munga knife. Leona has an empowered form after using Solar Flare . The gameplay purpose was removed far later, resulting in Leona maintaining the form until death. Lunar Eclipse Leona This skin shares the Eclipse theme with: Lunar Eclipse Aatrox Lunar Eclipse Senna Prestige Lunar Eclipse Senna Solar Eclipse Leona Solar Eclipse Sejuani Solar Eclipse Sivir Sun-Eater Kayle Both Eclipse skins were originally concepted as a fan skin by Sunny 'Kindlejack' Koda , before he joined Riot. [1] The sword is based off African blades like the Ikakalaka and the Hunga Munga knife. Leona has an empowered form after using Solar Flare . The gameplay purpose was removed far later, resulting in Leona maintaining the form until death. Mecha Kingdoms Leona Chromas: Obsidian,  Peacekeeper,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Mecha Kingdoms theme with: Mecha Kingdoms Draven Mecha Kingdoms Garen Mecha Kingdoms Jax Mecha Kingdoms Sett Prestige Mecha Kingdoms Garen Battle Academia Leona Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the Battle Academia theme with: Battle Academia Caitlyn Battle Academia Garen Battle Academia Katarina Battle Academia Lux Battle Academia Wukong ...and others Battle Principal Yuumi Battle Professor Graves Prestige Battle Academia Leona Prestige Battle Academia Lux Prestige Battle Academia Lux (2022) Prestige Battle Academia Leona This skin shares the Battle Academia theme with: Battle Academia Caitlyn Battle Academia Garen Battle Academia Katarina Battle Academia Leona Battle Academia Lux ...and others Battle Academia Wukong Battle Principal Yuumi Battle Professor Graves Prestige Battle Academia Lux Prestige Battle Academia Lux (2022) DWG Leona Chromas: Elite This skin shares the World Champions: 2020 theme with: DWG Jhin DWG Kennen DWG Nidalee DWG Twisted Fate She was released in celebration of DWG winning the Season 2020 World Championship along with: DWG Jhin DWG Kennen DWG Nidalee DWG Twisted Fate She represents BeryL . She was designed similar to Saren Sasaki from Princess Connect! Re:Dive due to being BeryL's favorite character from the franchise. [2] Debonair Leona Chromas: Catseye,  Cerulean Club,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Debonair theme with: Debonair Brand Debonair Draven Debonair Ezreal Debonair Jayce Debonair LeBlanc ...and others Debonair Malzahar Debonair Master Yi Debonair Vi Debonair Zed Prestige Debonair Brand High Noon Leona Chromas: Catseye,  Nomad,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the High Noon theme with: Bandito Fiddlesticks Cowgirl Miss Fortune High Noon Darius High Noon Hecarim High Noon Senna ...and others High Noon Thresh High Noon Twitch Longhorn Alistar Sandscourge Skarner Sheriff Caitlyn Crystalis Motus Leona Chromas: Reclaimed This skin shares the Crystalis Motus theme with: Crystalis Motus Ashe Crystalis Motus Taliyah References [ ] ↑ 1.0 1.1 Kindlejack on Leona ↑ BeryL is a man of taste