For the Legends of Runeterra card, see The Leviathan (Legends of Runeterra) . "You belong in a museum!" This article or section may contain obsolete information, but exists here for historical purposes. This item has been removed on patch V1.0.0.152 . Leviathan edit Stats +180 health Passive Unique: Gain 2 stacks for each champion kill and 1 stack for each assist, up to a maximum of 20 stacks. Each stack grants 32 bonus health , up to 640 at maximum stacks. Lose a third of the stacks upon death. At maximum stacks, also reduce all incoming damage by 15%. Limitations Limited to 1 Leviathan (old) . Recipe + 800 Cost Sell ID 1275 893 3138 Availability Menu Defense>Health Leviathan (old) was a legendary item in League of Legends . Recipe Leviathan (old) 1275 ( 800 ) Ruby Crystal 475 Similar items Mejai's Soulstealer Sword of the Occult Notes Leviathan granted 820 total health at 20 stacks. Health was valued at around 2.6 gold per point at basic tier . The item would begin to break even at 10 stacks, a few more if you were comparing it to advanced and/or legendary items. Trivia True damage was not intended to be reduced by the damage reduction, but due to a bug it did reduce true damage for most of its time in the game. Leviathan , Mejai's Soulstealer , and Sword of the Occult were a trio of " Snowball Sister Items" that shared a stack feature based on champion kills/assists. At 20 stacks the Leviathan would give the most health of any item if it were still in the game. Leviathan would give 820 health compared to Warmog's Armor's base amount of 800. At various points during its existence, however, Warmog's sometimes gave a higher amount of base health, and could scale to grant significantly more. The 15% damage reduction increased effective health by a raw 15%, providing extremely powerful synergy with health and armor/magic resist. The trifecta of percent damage reduction, resists, and health scales multiplicatively and can be compared analogously to the triple offensive scaling of critical hits, attack damage, and attack speed. Not including other sources of health or resists, this gave a fully stacked Leviathan an effective health of 943. As a single purchase without including armor/magic resist, it would require a total of 2180 health for a fully stacked Leviathan to provide an effective health equal to a fully stacked Warmog's Armor (at Warmog's contemporaneous value of 1270 health). However, with any complementary source of resists, Leviathan easily outscaled Warmog's Armor. The stacking buff granted by Leviathan when a kill or assist was scored was called "Leviathan Armor". Giant's Belt cost less at 1110g, and provided more health up to 7 stacks. If one has a Ruby Crystal and the upgrade cost of 800 gold, selling the Ruby Crystal grants a total of 1132 gold: enough to buy a Giant's Belt. Leviathan icon appears to be a green recolor of an alpha item with unknown effects called Netherrift Armor . 