Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Lux View in 3D 790 / 19-Oct-2010 Sorceress Lux View in 3D 520 / 19-Oct-2010 Spellthief Lux View in 3D 750 / 19-Oct-2010 Commando Lux View in 3D 520 / 17-Jun-2011 Steel Legion Lux View in 3D 975 / 01-Feb-2013 Star Guardian Lux View in 3D 1350 / 17-May-2015 Elementalist Lux View in 3D 3250 / 28-Nov-2016 Pajama Guardian Lux View in 3D 1350 / 21-Nov-2018 Battle Academia Lux View in 3D 1350 / 15-May-2019 Dark Cosmic Lux View in 3D 1820 / 26-Mar-2020 Cosmic Lux View in 3D 1820 / 26-Mar-2020 Space Groove Lux View in 3D 1350 / 01-Apr-2021 Porcelain Lux View in 3D 1350 / 26-Jan-2022 Soul Fighter Lux View in 3D 1350 / 20-Jul-2023 Empyrean Lux View in 3D 1350 / 03-Nov-2022 Elementalist Lux forms Air Dark Fire Ice Magma Mystic Nature Storm Water Empyrean Lux Chromas Catseye Emerald Neon Flare Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Porcelain Lux Chromas Catseye Emerald Golden Tiger Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Soul Fighter Lux Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Citrine Emerald Limitless Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Turquoise Space Groove Lux Chromas Amethyst Citrine Disco Emerald Obsidian Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Legacy Vault Imperial Lux View in 3D 975 / 29-Nov-2011 Lunar Empress Lux View in 3D 1350 / 08-Feb-2018 Lunar Empress Lux Chromas Amethyst Peridot Rose Quartz Ruby Turquoise Rare & Limited Prestige Battle Academia Lux View in 3D Special / 15-May-2019 Prestige Battle Academia Lux (2022) View in 3D Special / 01-Apr-2022 Prestige Porcelain Lux View in 3D Special / 26-Jan-2022 Screenshots [ ] Steel Legion Lux Star Guardian Lux Classic Lux (Visual VFX Update) Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Luminous Lasers Champions killed with Final Spark (R) Optics Illumination (P) triggers on champions Prism Protection Damage mitigated with Prismatic Barrier (W) Double Rainbow Double champion roots with Light Binding (Q) Finales Multiple champions hit with Final Spark (R) Ultraviolent Damage to champions with Lucent Singularity (E) Trivia [ ] Original Lux She was inspired by and based on Marisa Kirisame from Touhou Project . Her original splash was referenced in the You Really Got Me cinematic. Sorceress Lux This skin shares the Medieval theme with: Blacksmith Poppy King Tryndamere Little Knight Amumu Medieval Twitch Queen Ashe Sir Kled White Mage Veigar She references Marisa Kirisame from Touhou Project . Spellthief Lux This skin shares the Arcanists theme with: Arcanist Kog'Maw Arcanist Shaco Arcanist Zoe Master Arcanist Ziggs Prestige Arcanist Zoe She might have infiltrated the archives of Master Arcanist Ziggs . She references Marisa Kirisame from Touhou Project . She resembles Jaina Proudmoore from Warcraft . Imperial Lux This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali She resembles Forn Dodonna from Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic . Her outfit might be referencing M. Bison from Street Fighter . Commando Lux This skin shares the Commando theme with: Commando Galio Commando Garen Commando Jarvan IV Commando Xin Zhao Guerilla Tristana Special Forces Gangplank She might be referencing the Imperial Guard from Warhammer 40,000 . Steel Legion Lux This skin shares the Steel Legion theme with: Steel Legion Garen The background resembles the Emberworks from Torchlight II . Star Guardian Lux This skin shares the Star Guardian Season 1 theme with: Pajama Guardian Lulu Pajama Guardian Lux Star Guardian Janna Star Guardian Jinx Star Guardian Lulu Star Guardian Poppy She references the magical girl genre of anime . Her outfit references Sailor Chibi Moon from Sailor Moon series. Her staff and VFX reference Sakura Kinomoto from Cardcaptor Sakura . Her hairstyle references Madoka Kaname from Puella Magi Madoka Magica . Her dance references DokiDoki! PreCure . A side-by-side comparison can be seen here. Her recalling references the titular Sailor Moon. A side-by-side comparison can be seen here. According her bio, if Lux coaxes her staff, it will draw out a long-eared companion named Mimi. Mimi means 耳 "ears", plural reduplication of Old Japanese *mʲi- . Although not seen beside Lux, Mimi makes her own appearance as a Ward skin. Pajama Guardian Lux This skin shares the Star Guardian Season 1 theme with: Pajama Guardian Lulu Star Guardian Janna Star Guardian Jinx Star Guardian Lulu Star Guardian Lux Star Guardian Poppy She is wearing pajamas designed after her companion, Mimi. The party is playing Mechs vs. Minions . The bookshelf features: A group portrait of Star Guardian Ahri's team, notably her and Star Guardian Ezreal . The Sword and the Sabre , a book also seen within the Odyssey universe . Elementalist Lux Chromas: Air,  Dark,  Fire,  Ice,  Magma,  Mystic,  Nature,  Storm,  Water Rejected names for this skin include 'Queen of the Elements Lux', 'Queen Lux', 'Elemental Lux', 'Prismatic Lux', 'Infinity Lux', 'Genesis Lux', 'Aegis of the Elements Lux', 'Elemancer Lux', 'Evoker Lux' and 'Conjurer Lux'. [1] Her dance references “ Me Gustas Tu ” by GFriend , “ Pepe ” by CLC , and “ Why ” by Tae-yeon . A side-by-side comparison can be seen here. Original Lux's voice-over was updated along with the release of this ultimate skin. She features ten forms (one per element, each with their own voice-over, particle effects, and Recall animation) but can only use up to three per game ( Light , one basic, one final). Swapping to a new form initiates a 2. 5 -second channel . She will receive her form after 2. 5 seconds regardless, even if the channel is interrupted. Form swapping before level 18 is irreversible and affects her Elementalist Ward skin as well. After reaching level 18, she can use the Toggle emote (default: Ctrl + 5 ) to instantly fill up the transformation meter and switch to another final form immediately. Combinations include: ⇒ ⇐ ⇓ ⇘ ⇙ ⇓ ⇑ ⇗ ⇖ ⇑ ⇒ ⇐ Lore: Hide Show Element Picking Transformed Air "Winds, lift me to new heights!" "The wind sweeps through everything." Dark "Relinquish your spark." Fire "Is it hot in here, or is it just me?" "Well, this place isn't going to burn itself down." Ice "There is no room for warmth in my soul." Light N/A "The elements are all at my disposal." Magma "All flee from rivers of stone and flame." Mystic "This is a dream come true!" Nature "The seeds of potential have blossomed!" "The seeds of conflict bear bitter fruit." Storm "By the time you've heard the thunder, it's too late." Water "The tide turns." "There's no turning the tide. Unless you're me." Lunar Empress Lux Chromas: Amethyst,  Peridot,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Turquoise This skin shares the Lunar Revel theme with: Coin Emperor Tahm Kench Jade Dragon Wukong Lunar Emperor Thresh Lunar Goddess Diana Lunar Guardian Kha'Zix ...and others Lunar Guardian Nasus Lunar Guardian Warwick Lunar Wraith Caitlyn Lunar Wraith Sylas Radiant Wukong Lunar Guardian Warwick and Lunar Guardian Nasus can be seen in the background of her splash. She was released in celebration of Lunar Revel 2018 (Year of the Dog ) along with: Lunar Guardian Nasus Lunar Guardian Warwick She is possibly inspired by Chinese lunar goddess Changxi , mother of the twelve moons~months. Battle Academia Lux This skin shares the Battle Academia theme with: Battle Academia Caitlyn Battle Academia Garen Battle Academia Katarina Battle Academia Leona Battle Academia Wukong ...and others Battle Principal Yuumi Battle Professor Graves Prestige Battle Academia Leona Prestige Battle Academia Lux Prestige Battle Academia Lux (2022) Battle Academia Ezreal can be seen in the background of her splash art (walking down the stairs). Battle Academia Katarina can also be barely seen in the distance of the stairway. Battle Academia Badges can be seen on Lux's school bag. This is her first skin to feature new animations for Final Spark . Prestige Battle Academia Lux This skin shares the Battle Academia theme with: Battle Academia Caitlyn Battle Academia Garen Battle Academia Katarina Battle Academia Leona Battle Academia Lux ...and others Battle Academia Wukong Battle Principal Yuumi Battle Professor Graves Prestige Battle Academia Leona Prestige Battle Academia Lux (2022) Battle Academia Ezreal can be seen in the background of her splash art (hiding on the side of the stairs). Cosmic Lux This skin shares the Cosmic theme with: Cosmic Charger Hecarim Cosmic Defender Xin Zhao Cosmic Enchantress Lulu Cosmic Huntress Nidalee Cosmic Invoker Illaoi ...and others Cosmic Matriarch Bel'Veth Cosmic Paladin Nautilus Cosmic Paladins Nunu & Willump Cosmic Reaver Kassadin Cosmic Sting Skarner The skin represents what she would have been if she had stayed true to her duty and successfully saved herself from the Dark Star's corruption. The skin's title was supposed to be Cosmic Beacon; however, due to the players' familiarity with its PBE title of Cosmic the latter remains being used instead. Her dance is a reference to Beat Saber . This skin has a unique death screen that is only visible to killed enemies. She puts on her masks during her dance animations and when using Final Spark . Dark Cosmic Lux This skin shares the Dark Star theme with: Dark Cosmic Jhin Dark Cosmic Lissandra Dark Cosmic Erasure Jhin Dark Star Cho'Gath Dark Star Karma ...and others Dark Star Orianna Dark Star Shaco Dark Star Thresh Dark Star Varus Dark Star Xerath The skin represents her canon appearance in the Event Horizon universe after she became one with the Dark Star, falling to its corruption and embracing her ambition. Her dance is a reference to Beat Saber . This skin has a unique death screen that is only visible to killed enemies. Her fully corrupted form can be seen during her dance and recall animations and after using Final Spark . Space Groove Lux Chromas: Amethyst,  Citrine,  Disco,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Rainbow,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire This skin shares the Space Groove theme with: Prestige Space Groove Lulu Space Groove Blitz & Crank Space Groove Gragas Space Groove Gwen Space Groove Lissandra ...and others Space Groove Lulu Space Groove Nasus Space Groove Nunu & Willump Space Groove Samira Space Groove Teemo Her little boogie is named Barney. [2] Space Groove Samira can be seen in the background of her splash art. Porcelain Lux Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Golden Tiger,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Porcelain theme with: Porcelain Amumu Porcelain Darius Porcelain Darius Porcelain Graves Porcelain Kindred Porcelain Lissandra ...and others Porcelain Miss Fortune Porcelain Protector Ezreal Prestige Porcelain Kindred Prestige Porcelain Lissandra Prestige Porcelain Lux Prestige Porcelain Lux This skin shares the Porcelain theme with: Porcelain Amumu Porcelain Darius Porcelain Darius Porcelain Graves Porcelain Kindred Porcelain Lissandra ...and others Porcelain Lux Porcelain Miss Fortune Porcelain Protector Ezreal Prestige Porcelain Kindred Prestige Porcelain Lissandra Empyrean Lux Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Neon Flare,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Empyrean theme with: Empyrean Jax Empyrean Jhin Empyrean K'Sante Empyrean Pyke Empyrean Vex Empyrean Zac Empyrean Zed Prestige Empyrean K'Sante Soul Fighter Lux Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Citrine,  Emerald,  Limitless,  Obsidian,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Turquoise This skin shares the Soul Fighter theme with: Prestige Soul Fighter Pyke Prestige Soul Fighter Shaco Soul Fighter Evelynn Soul Fighter Gwen Soul Fighter Naafiri ...and others Soul Fighter Pyke Soul Fighter Samira Soul Fighter Sett Soul Fighter Shaco Soul Fighter Viego Her outfit reminds on March 7th from the Honkai: Star Rail series. References [ ] ↑ /DEV: ON NAMING SKINS ↑ Space Groove Lux's boogie Miscellaneous [ ] Elementalist Lux Secondary Form Guide [ ] Air ⇒ Storm ⇐ Fire ⇓ ⇘ ⇙ ⇓ Ice Dark Magma ⇑ ⇗ ⇖ ⇑ Water ⇒ Mystic ⇐ Nature Note : All element selections are irreversible and will last for the duration of the game in which they are performed. Up to two unique element selections can be made per game.