"You belong in a museum!" This article or section may contain obsolete information, but exists here for historical purposes. This item has been removed on patch V3.8 . Malady edit Stats +25 ability power +45% attack speed Passive Unique: Basic attacks deal 15 (+ 10% AP) bonus magic damage . Unique: Basic attacks reduce the target's magic resistance by 4 for 8 seconds. Stacks up to 7 times for a total of 28 magic resistance reduction . Limitations Limited to 1 Malady . Recipe + + + 800 Cost Sell ID 2035 1425 3114 Availability Menu Attack>Attack Speed Magic>Ability Power Malady was a legendary item in League of Legends . Recipe Malady 2035 ( 800 ) Dagger 400 Dagger 400 Amplifying Tome 435 Cost Analysis * 25 ability power = 544 45% attack speed = 1500 Total Gold Value = 2044 Gold efficiency Malady's base stats were 100. 44 % gold efficient. Similar items Black Cleaver Nashor's Tooth Wit's End Notes Malady's magic resistance shred was able to bring an enemy's magic resistance below zero. The very first auto attack did not get the benefit of the magic resistance reduction. Any magic damage from the auto attack was calculated first, and the debuff was applied after. This means the full benefit of the reduction was seen on the 8th hit after all 7 stacks had been applied. Malady was beneficial on champions that rely on attack speed and on-hit effects. Warwick is a great example of such; his bonus magic damage and abilities that apply on-hit effects benefit greatly from the added magic reduction and magic damage, as well as his basic attacks being supplemented by the AS. Malady's passive was not named. It was not Spellblade, so it stacked with Lich Bane and similar items. Malady's own AP bonus granted extra 2.5 magic damage per auto attack. Malady's on-hit damage becomes as strong as Wit's End's at 270 AP. Trivia The Old Malady, and also the Oponn's Razor Malady originally had a red tint over a purple tint in the icon, gave life steal , and was built with Vampiric Scepter instead of Amplifying Tome . It also did not reduce the enemy's magic resistance, and had the same stat of a removed alpha item called Oponn's Razor . Malady used to be mentioned in Kayle's tips after its removal. Malady's effects were split between Wit's End and Nashor's Tooth . 