Malignance Enmity of the Masses Malignance edit Stats +80 ability power +20 ability haste +600 mana Passive Unique – Scorn : Gain 20 ultimate haste . Unique – Hatefog : Dealing ability damage to enemy champions with your ultimate ability creates a 251 − 550 (based on ultimate's damage instance) radius scorched zone beneath them for 3 seconds, applying a Curse to enemies within that deals 「 15 (+ 1. 25 % AP) magic damage every 0. 25 seconds 」 「 180 (+ 15% AP) total magic damage over the duration 」 and reduces their magic resistance by 10 (3 (per target, starts on zone creation) second cooldown). Limitations Limited to 1 Malignance . Recipe + + 600 Cost Sell ID 2700 1890 3118 Availability SR 5v5 HA ARAM Nexus Blitz Arena Menu Mage Ability Power Mana & Regeneration Ability Haste Malignance is a legendary item in League of Legends . Recipe Malignance 2700 ( 600 ) Lost Chapter 1200 ( 200 ) Amplifying Tome 400 Sapphire Crystal 350 Glowing Mote 250 Fiendish Codex 900 ( 250 ) Amplifying Tome 400 Glowing Mote 250 Cost Analysis Gold Value 80 ability power = 1600 20 ability haste = 1000 600 mana = 840 Total Gold Value = 3440 Gold efficiency Malignance's base stats are 127. 41 % gold efficient. Enmity of the Masses edit Master Craftsman : All stats have been improved. Stats +110 ability power +30 ability haste +800 mana Passive Unique – Scorn : Gain 20 ultimate haste . Unique – Hatefog : Dealing ability damage to enemy champions with your ultimate ability creates a 251 − 550 (based on ultimate's damage instance) radius scorched zone beneath them for 3 seconds, applying a Curse to enemies within that deals 「 15 (+ 1. 25 % AP) magic damage every 0. 25 seconds 」 「 180 (+ 15% AP) total magic damage over the duration 」 and reduces their magic resistance by 10 (3 (per target, starts on zone creation) second cooldown). Limitations Limited to 1 Enmity of the Masses . Can only be forged by Ornn . Recipe + 0 Cost Sell ID 2700 1890 7004 Availability SR 5v5 HA ARAM Nexus Blitz Arena Menu Mage Ability Power Mana & Regeneration Ability Haste Enmity of the Masses is a legendary item in League of Legends . Can only be forged by Ornn . Recipe Enmity of the Masses 2700 (Special) Malignance 2700 ( 600 ) Lost Chapter 1200 ( 200 ) Amplifying Tome 400 Sapphire Crystal 350 Glowing Mote 250 Fiendish Codex 900 ( 250 ) Amplifying Tome 400 Glowing Mote 250 Cost Analysis Gold Value 110 ability power = 2200 30 ability haste = 1500 800 mana = 1120 Total Gold Value = 4820 Gold efficiency Enmity of the Masses' base stats are 178. 52 % gold efficient. Similar items Luden's Companion Archangel's Staff Rod of Ages Notes Hatefog deals default damage , and thus will not trigger spell effects . Hatefog is not blocked by spell shield . Hatefog is an auto-targeted effect. Hatefog's magic resistance reduction does not linger and is removed as soon as the target loses the Curse debuff. Assuming a target has not been afflicted by Curse , the first instance of magic damage from an ultimate ability does not benefit from Hatefog's magic resistance reduction. Hatefog will trigger on each instance of ultimate ability damage dealt; damage from pet -summoning ultimate abilities is special-cased (see list below). The zone can only be created against the same target once every 3 seconds. This timer starts as soon as the zone is spawned. Enemies can only be Cursed by one zone at a time; they can only be damaged and have their magic resistance reduced by one zone. Hatefog will not create a zone against enemies that are already Cursed by one. If multiple targets are damaged at the same time, Hatefog will create a zone underneath the first champion damaged which is based on champion spawn order . Each scorch zone has its own radius relative to the amount of damage dealt for each instance. The zone deals a tick of damage instantly to enemies surrounding the primary target. The following lists special interactions with certain ultimate abilities and Hatefog : Aatrox's World Ender cannot trigger it. Alistar's Unbreakable Will cannot trigger it. Annie's Summon: Tibbers can trigger it through the summoning and the area burn, whenever possible. Tibbers' basic attacks cannot trigger it. Bard's Tempered Fate cannot trigger it. Briar's Certain Death will only trigger it in the area of her landing. Camille's The Hextech Ultimatum cannot trigger it. Dr. Mundo's Maximum Dosage cannot trigger it. Elise's Spider Form / Human Form will not trigger it in spite of Spiderling damage. Fiora's Grand Challenge cannot trigger it. Heimerdinger's ( Upgraded ) H-28Q Apex Turret cannot trigger it, but Hextech Rocket Swarm and CH-3X Lightning Grenade can on every damage instance, whenever possible. Illaoi's Leap of Faith initial damage can trigger it but any tentacles originating from this ability will not. Ivern's Daisy will only trigger it on her third, empowered attack for all enemies hit. Janna's Monsoon cannot trigger it. Jayce cannot trigger it in either form. K'Sante's All Out applies at inconsistent time (potentially depends on the stat update tick that his ultimate damage triggers on). Kai'Sa's Killer Instinct cannot trigger it. Karma will trigger it on Mantra -empowered damaging abilities ( Soulflare and Renewal ). Kha'Zix's Void Assault cannot trigger it. Kindred's Lamb's Respite cannot trigger it. Lillia's Lilting Lullaby will only trigger it upon the target being woken up, and as such any cleansing effects will also prevent the potential application of Hatefog. Lulu's Wild Growth cannot trigger it. Master Yi's Highlander cannot trigger it. Milio's Breath of Life cannot trigger it. Mordekaiser's Realm of Death cannot trigger it in any way. Naafiri's The Call of the Pack cannot trigger it in any way; the damage dealt by the additional Packmates spawned do not originate from her ultimate. Nidalee cannot trigger it in either form. Olaf's Ragnarok cannot trigger it. Pyke's Death from Below will only trigger on a champion that is alive at the moment of blinking and dealing damage (whether or not they are executed subsequently by Pyke himself). Renata's Hostile Takeover cannot trigger it in any way. Rengar's Thrill of the Hunt cannot trigger it. Riven's Blade of the Exile cannot trigger it by itself but only through a successful Wind Slash . Ryze's Realm Warp cannot trigger it. Shaco's clone from Hallucinate will only trigger it upon the clone exploding. Shen's Stand United cannot trigger it. Singed's Insanity Potion cannot trigger it. Sivir's On the Hunt cannot trigger it. Soraka's Wish cannot trigger it. Sylas' Hijack follows the game rules of all other ultimate abilities. Stealing his own ultimate from an enemy Sylas cannot trigger it. Tahm Kench's Devour cannot trigger it by itself but through a successful Regurgitate . Taliyah's Weaver's Wall cannot trigger it. Taric's Cosmic Radiance cannot trigger it. Twisted Fate's Destiny and Gate cannot trigger it. Tryndamere's Undying Rage cannot trigger it. Twitch bolts from Spray and Pray cannot trigger it in spite of them originating from his ultimate ability. Urgot's Fear Beyond Death can trigger it, while its recast Mercy cannot. Vayne's Final Hour cannot trigger it. Vex's Shadow Surge can trigger it on the both the initial cast and the recast, whenever possible. PENDING FOR TEST: Whether Viego's Heartbreaker triggers it while under possession . Yorick's Eulogy of the Isles cannot trigger it by any means — whether through the Maiden's own damage, the spawned Mist Walkers' damage, or the bonus damage dealt by Yorick attacking her target. Zeri's Lightning Crash will only trigger it on the initial explosion. Zilean's Time Warp cannot trigger it. Zoe's Portal Jump cannot trigger it. Zyra's enraged plants due to Stranglethorns will not trigger it. Of course, the growth itself can trigger it on every damage instance, whenever possible. Map-Specific Differences Howling Abyss differences edit Hatefog base damage per tick changed to 10. Hatefog AP ratio per tick changed to 0. 7 % AP . Trivia Malignance is a product of Glasc Industries. [1] Media Trigger VFX Zone VFX 