Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Malphite View in 3D 585 / 01-Sep-2009 Glacial Malphite View in 3D 1350 / 11-Jul-2012 Mecha Malphite View in 3D 1350 / 23-Jul-2014 Ironside Malphite View in 3D 975 / 07-Oct-2015 Odyssey Malphite View in 3D 1350 / 12-Sep-2018 Dark Star Malphite View in 3D 1350 / 26-Mar-2020 Old God Malphite View in 3D 1350 / 12-Aug-2021 Lunar Guardian Malphite View in 3D 1350 / 26-Jan-2023 Lunar Guardian Malphite Chromas Emerald Obsidian Pearl Resplendent Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Mecha Malphite Chromas Catseye Citrine Emerald Granite Obsidian Pearl Sandstone Sapphire Odyssey Malphite Chromas Emerald Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Old God Malphite Chromas Catseye Dark Ritual Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Legacy Vault Shamrock Malphite View in 3D 520 / 16-Mar-2010 Coral Reef Malphite View in 3D 750 / 08-Nov-2010 Marble Malphite View in 3D 520 / 21-Mar-2011 Obsidian Malphite View in 3D 975 / 15-Aug-2011 FPX Malphite View in 3D 1350 / 30-Apr-2020 FPX Malphite Chromas Elite Tenfold Triumph Rare & Limited Prestige Dark Star Malphite View in 3D Special / 26-Mar-2020 Screenshots [ ] Glacial Malphite Ironside Malphite Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Granite Counter Damage mitigated with Granite Shield (P) In a Landslide Multiple (2+) champion hits with Unstoppable Force (R) Shardrolled Champions killed with Seismic Shard (Q) Grounded Multiple champions crippled by Ground Slam (E) Rock Solid Champion damage mitigated with Thunderclap (WP) bonus armor Rockslide Takedowns within 10s of being hit with Unstoppable Force (R) Trivia [ ] Original Malphite The scene depicted has him slamming the ground against several soldiers geared like Helmet Bro. His very first splash art was directly tweaked for the first splash art of his Shamrock skin. Shamrock Malphite This skin shares the Wonders of the World theme with: Bear Cavalry Sejuani Masked Shaco Oktoberfest Gragas Outback Renekton Panda Teemo ...and others Sultan Tryndamere Uncle Ryze Viking Tryndamere Vizier Malzahar Winged Hussar Xin Zhao He was released in celebration of Saint Patrick's Day 2010. He might be referencing the Blarney Stone from Ireland . Obsidian Malphite This skin shares the Infernal theme with: Charred Maokai Firefang Warwick Infernal Akali Infernal Alistar Infernal Amumu ...and others Infernal Diana Infernal Shen Scorched Earth Renekton Scorched Earth Xerath Wildfire Zyra He might be referencing the Destroyer from Guild Wars . Coral Reef Malphite This skin shares the Forgotten Depths theme with: Abyssal Nautilus Atlantean Fizz Atlantean Syndra Deep One Kassadin Deep Sea Kog'Maw Deep Sea Nami Deep Terror Thresh Marble Malphite This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali He might be referencing Nagrand from World of Warcraft . Glacial Malphite This skin shares the Glacial theme with: Frozen Shen Frozen Terror Nocturne Glacial Olaf He might be referencing Ymir from Norse mythology . Mecha Malphite Chromas: Catseye,  Citrine,  Emerald,  Granite,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Sandstone,  Sapphire This skin shares the Mecha theme with: Mecha Aatrox Mecha Aurelion Sol Mecha Kha'Zix Mecha Rengar Mecha Zero Sion Mecha Aatrox can also be seen in the background. Heimerdinger and Ziggs can be seen in the background (possibly his creators). Heimerdinger designating him Prototype 06 might be referencing Neon Genesis Evangelion . He might be referencing Pacific Rim , Metal Gear , and/or Transformers . When Granite Shield is on cooldown he appears severely damaged. When Thunderclap is active he appears overheated. When recalling he transforms into a giant drill machine resembling Labyrinth Tank from Yu-Gi-Oh! His Pearl chroma is a reference to Herbie the Love Bug . The Pearl Chroma for this skin is likely a reference to Herbie from the 1968 Disney film The Lovebug. The two have similar main colors, as well as the same racing stripes. Malphite is also marked with a number 8 in this skin, while Herbie is number 53; 5+3=8. Ironside Malphite This skin shares the Bilgewater: Burning Tides theme with: Bilgewater Katarina Captain Gangplank Captain Fortune Cutpurse Twisted Fate Cutthroat Graves ...and others Fiddle Me Timbers Kingpin Twitch Pirate Ryze Rogue Admiral Garen Sea Hunter Aatrox Ground Slam leaves an imprint shaped after a Nagakabouros depiction upon impact. When recalling he fires the cannons on his back towards the sky (might be referencing Cannon Barrage ). His crew-mates' shared splash teased him hidden behind a wooden gate before his announcement. Odyssey Malphite Chromas: Emerald,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Odyssey theme with: Galaxy Slayer Zed Odyssey Aatrox Odyssey Jinx Odyssey Karma Odyssey Kayn ...and others Odyssey Kha'Zix Odyssey Sivir Odyssey Sona Odyssey Twisted Fate Odyssey Ziggs His design was inspired by Korg from the Marvel universe and Kord Zane from Slugterra . The color scheme of his Sapphire chroma shares a striking resemblance to Thanos , one of the many villains that appear in the Marvel universe. His model features a golden dental implant and a knife with a charm of Odyssey Jinx . Odyssey Jinx can be seen in the background of his splash art. Dark Star Malphite This skin shares the Dark Star theme with: Dark Cosmic Jhin Dark Cosmic Lissandra Dark Cosmic Lux Dark Cosmic Erasure Jhin Dark Star Cho'Gath ...and others Dark Star Karma Dark Star Orianna Dark Star Shaco Dark Star Thresh Dark Star Xerath Prestige Dark Star Malphite This skin shares the Dark Star theme with: Dark Cosmic Jhin Dark Cosmic Lissandra Dark Cosmic Lux Dark Cosmic Erasure Jhin Dark Star Cho'Gath ...and others Dark Star Karma Dark Star Orianna Dark Star Shaco Dark Star Thresh Dark Star Xerath FPX Malphite Chromas: Elite,  Tenfold Triumph This skin shares the World Champions: 2019 theme with: FPX Gangplank FPX Lee Sin FPX Thresh FPX Vayne He was released in celebration of FunPlus Phoenix winning the Season 2019 World Championship along with: FPX Gangplank FPX Lee Sin FPX Thresh FPX Vayne This skin seems to have been inspired by popular Japanese superhero TV shows such as Super Sentai and Kamen Rider . He represents Doinb . Doinb stated that he chose Malphite in honor of his wife, as Malphite is the one of the champions Doinb's wife mains. The idea for the Recall animation was thought up and inspired by Doinb's dance, challenging Caps to a dance off. Caps' father responded with his own dance moves . It also displays his signature. Ground Slam leaves an imprint shaped after a phoenix from FPX's team logo. Old God Malphite Chromas: Catseye,  Dark Ritual,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Coven theme with: Coven Akali Coven Camille Coven Evelynn Coven LeBlanc Coven Zyra ...and others Old God Ivern Old God Warwick Prestige Coven Akali Prestige Coven LeBlanc Prestige Coven Zyra It also shares the Elderwood theme with: Elderwood Ahri Elderwood Azir Elderwood Bard Elderwood Hecarim Elderwood LeBlanc ...and others Elderwood Rek'Sai Elderwood Wukong Elderwood Xayah Old God Ivern Old God Warwick Coven Ashe can be seen in the splash art. From the premiere together with Old God Warwick , the others like Ivern and Nocturne changed the name of Coven to Old God , not to be confused with those of the Witches, but it belongs to the same Eclipse universe. Lunar Guardian Malphite Chromas: Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Resplendent,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Lunar Revel theme with: Jade Dragon Wukong Lunar Emperor Thresh Lunar Empress Lux Lunar Goddess Diana Lunar Guardian Kha'Zix ...and others Lunar Guardian Nasus Lunar Guardian Warwick Lunar Wraith Caitlyn Lunar Wraith Sylas Radiant Wukong References [ ]