"You belong in a museum!" This article or section may contain obsolete information, but exists here for historical purposes. This item has been removed on patch V9.23 . Mana Potion edit Consume Regenerates 3. 33 mana every 0. 5 seconds over 15 seconds, restoring a total of 100 mana . Limitations Limited to 5 at one time. Recipe Cost Sell ID 35 12 2004 Availability Mana Potion was a consumable item in League of Legends . Similar items Corrupting Potion Health Potion Notes Mana Potions could have been consumed multiple times if the user had one already active (after a short cooldown) which will queue them up to be used after the previous completes (maximum 5 stacks). Using a Mana Potion , as with all other activated items, did not interrupt channeled abilities. Strategy Before V5.22 , when they were purchasable, Mana Potions were useful early game, but lost their effectiveness from the mid-game onwards as the champion 's maximum mana and skill costs became too excessive for them to be beneficial. It was useful for all champions that utilized mana, so they could cast abilities more often. Old icons 1st version Trivia This item was originally called Potion of Brilliance . During seasonal events, the Mana Potion has been replaced by seasonal items with the same effect, but different names/pictures. The Eggnog Mana Potion was a seasonal item that replaced the Mana Potion during the 2009, 2010, and 2011 Snowdown Showdown celebrations. The Mana-Encrusted Apple was a seasonal item that replaced the Mana Potion during the 2010 Harrowing celebration. It references candy apples , a popular treat eaten during Halloween . The Dragon Dumpling was another seasonal item that replaced the Mana Potion during the Lunar Revel celebration. In V1.0.0.147b Mana Potion worked by increasing the user's mana regeneration by roughly 6. 7 mana/second for 15 seconds, which effectively restores 100 mana over the duration. As a consequence of this mechanic, Chalice of Harmony unique passive will stack with a Mana Potion , increasing its potency by up to 100%. On patch V5.22 this item was removed from the game. It was not replaced by any other purely mana-restoring item, though Corrupting Potion and Hunter's Potion restore some mana. Mana potion has a strange interaction with champions are manaless or use a different source of mana. An example is Rengar who, until the February 22nd Hotfix , was able to obtain it through the Kleptomancy rune and consume it, causing his Ferocity bar to constantly fill up . 