Main article: Casting Resource Contents 1 Alternative gating mechanics 1.1 Energy 1.2 Ferocity 1.3 Fury 1.3.1 Types of Fury 1.4 Heat 1.5 Health 2 Other uses of the secondary bar 2.1 Flow 3 Champions with abilities without cost 4 Champions without secondary bar 5 Trivia 6 References A champion that is manaless does not use nor benefit from mana or mana regeneration . To date, there are 26 champions that do not use mana . Of the champions that do not use mana , some utilize an alternative resource to cast their abilities. The following champions do not use mana: Aatrox Akali Bel'Veth Briar Dr. Mundo Garen Gnar Katarina Kennen Kled Lee Sin Mordekaiser Rek'Sai Renekton Rengar Riven Rumble Sett Shen Shyvana Tryndamere Viego Vladimir Yasuo Yone Zac Zed Alternative gating mechanics [ ] In place of or acting as a resource , there are a number of alternative mechanics that gate the availability of a champion's abilities. For the specific details about the secondary resource bar, see the champion's page. Energy [ ] Main article: Energy Edit Energy is a resource designed to inhibit the casting of basic abilities of a few champions in place of mana . It is represented by a yellow bar instead of blue . Energy has a maximum of 200 (except for Shen , with 400 ), and regenerates rapidly, at a rate of 10 energy per second. This means that energy champions are not at risk of depleting their resource over a long period of time, however the small capacity restricts the rapid usage of multiple spells. Champions that use energy : Akali Kennen Lee Sin Shen Zed Ferocity [ ] For the 2016-2017 mastery tree, see Ferocity Mastery Tree (2016) . Edit Ferocity is a resource specific to Rengar's Unseen Predator . Ferocity acts similarly to Fury . Ferocity is generated by casting abilities, and grants access to Empowered versions of his abilities when full. While Rengar has between 1 and 3 Ferocity, the sections are colored white . Upon reaching 4 Ferocity, the sections are colored orange . Fury [ ] Edit Fury is an umbrella term for many named resources that must be generated before being usable, compared to Mana or Energy that exist in some quantity beforehand. For most users, this resource is only required by a single ability or passive effect. It represents momentum and encourages sustained aggression from users, often gating a power-spike or empowerment. Fury generation varies between users, but is always generated in-combat (e.g. on-hit, ability casts or taking damage) and often decays when out of combat. Known as Rage Fury Battle Fury Dragon Fury Bloodthirst Courage Grit It is represented by a bar beneath the health bar that varies between users from being red at all times, to progressing from white or yellow to red as the bar is filled. Types of Fury [ ] Every 'Fury' resource technically falls under one of four types, some may have unique interactions with some mechanics. Battle Fury Main article: Tryndamere/Abilities Battle Fury is a resource used exclusively by Tryndamere , it is gained through some of his abilities and through basic attacking; it gives him Critical Strike Chance ​​​​​​ and allows him to heal himself . It has a maximum of 100. The internal name for this is "battlefury" , and in-game it displays as "Fury" Dragon Fury Main article: Shyvana/Abilities Dragon Fury is a resource used exclusively by Shyvana's Dragon's Descent . When the ability is unlocked, it is gained passively and on-hit , and it is instantly filled when the ability is unlocked. It is consumed gradually while Shyvana uses her Dragon's Descent , until it is depleted and the ability ends. It has a maximum of 100. The internal name for this is "dragonfury" , and in-game it displays as "Fury" Fury Main article: Renekton/Abilities This bar is used exclusively by Renekton . It is built up by basic attacking and some of his abilities in various ways, and when above a threshold, it empowers his basic abilities. It is lost gradually out of combat, and has a maximum of 100. The internal name of this is "rage" , and in-game it displays as "Fury" Rage This bar is used by a variety of champions. Each usage of it is different, it is used to gate transformations, ability empowerments, and/or healing. The internal name of this is "gnarfury" and its default in-game name is "Rage" Crimson Rush Main article: Vladimir/Abilities Crimson Rush is used by Vladimir's Transfusion . Vladimir can cast Transfusion to gain temporary stacks of Bloodthirst . Upon reaching maximum stacks, Transfusion is Empowered . In-game, this displays as "Crimson Rush" . This bar has a maximum of 2 charges. Courage Main article: Kled/Abilities Courage is used by Kled's Skaarl the Cowardly Lizard . Courage can be gained when Kled is dismounted from Skaarl from various aggressive means, or by returning to the Fountain . It resets to 0 when Kled mounts. This bar has a maximum of 100. In-game, this displays as "Courage" Grit Main article: Sett/Abilities Grit is used by Sett's Haymaker . Grit can be gained through taking damage, and is expended by either waiting, or casting the ability to deal damage and gain a shield proportional to the amount of it left. This bar is coloured white from one charge and up, until it reaches 100%, where it turns yellow . This bar has a varying maximum. Although it is described as "Grit" in tooltips and such, it actually uses the default display name. Gnar Main article: Gnar/Abilities Gnar uses Rage to gate his transformation to Mega Gnar . He gains it passively and through various aggressive means. Rek'Sai Main article: Rek'Sai/Abilities Rek'Sai uses Rage to empower Furious Bite and consumes it to heal while Burrowed . She gains it through dealing damage with some abilities and by basic attacking . Heat [ ] Edit Heat is a gating mechanic unique to Rumble's Junkyard Titan that is intended to limit up-time but, like Energy , does not have an indefinite down-time. Heat is not required to cast abilities and is instead generated on-ability-cast, with Overheating preventing users from performing certain actions for a set time. Health [ ] Main article: Health Some champions use Health as a resource to cast abilities. It is critical to note that champions can never kill themselves due to ability casting. This is because they will be left at 1 health if their current health is below the cost. Abilities that cost health can be used even if the champion does not have enough health to pay for the cost. With the exceptions of Ivern's Friend of the Forest , which cannot be used if he does not have enough mana or health for the cost, and Soraka's Astral Infusion , which cannot be cast if she lacks the mana for the cost or if she is below 5% health . While these champions can cast their abilities more freely than most, their disadvantage is that frequent ability usage will bring them closer to taking fatal damage . Health costs ignore invulnerability as well as effects that prevent falling below a certain health value. Champions who use their own health as a casting resource: Briar Dr. Mundo Vladimir Zac Mana champions that also use health as a casting resource: Ivern , using Friend of the Forest Olaf , using Reckless Swing Sion , while he's in Glory in Death Soraka , using Astral Infusion Besides Ivern , each of these champions have at least one ability capable of restoring their health : Briar's Crimson Curse , Snack Attack , Chilling Scream , and Certain Death Dr. Mundo's Goes Where He Pleases , Infected Bonesaw , Heart Zapper , and Maximum Dosage Olaf's Berserker Rage and Reckless Swing Sion's Glory in Death Soraka's Starcall and Wish Vladimir's Transfusion and Hemoplague Zac's Cell Division Note Health costs will not be paid while under the threshold of Kindred's Lamb's Respite . Other uses of the secondary bar [ ] Some champions use the secondary bar to display some ability effects to track them better, in place of a resource. Flow [ ] Edit Flow is a resource that must be generated before being usable, compared to Mana that exists in some quantity beforehand. It is represented beneath the health bar that is blue until filled, and then white . Unlike Fury and its variants, however, Flow is not affected by the unit's combat status . With only one example of Flow , the validity of this exception may be called into question in the future. This bar is colored blue while charging, and white once full to indicate it's a shield. Yasuo's Way of the Wanderer World Ender duration (colored white ) Aatrox's World Ender Shield (colored white ) Mordekaiser's Indestructible Soul Unbound duration (colored orange ) Yone's Soul Unbound Champions with abilities without cost [ ] The following champions have no costs related to their abilities: Aatrox Garen Gnar Katarina Kled Rek'Sai Riven Rumble Shyvana Viego Yasuo Yone Champions without secondary bar [ ] This is the list of all champions without a secondary resource bar : Dr. Mundo (uses health ) Garen (has abilities without cost) Katarina (has abilities without cost) Riven (has abilities without cost) Viego (has abilities without cost) Zac (uses health ) Trivia [ ] It was once considered to have Riven's Runic Blade charges displayed in the resource bar, in a visually similar manner to Rengar's Ferocity. [1] When the mechanic was unique to Renekton, Fury was known as "Rage". When HUD animations were first revealed on the PBE , Tryndamere , Shyvana and Renekton's resources were described as Battle Fury, Dragon Fury and Rage, respectively. [2] Gnar's Fury is listed within the game files as "Tantrum". When Riven was first released, she was not technically classified as manaless - she simply had 0 (+0) base mana and 0 (+0) base mana regeneration. She could purchase mana and it would be represented in her resource bar - allowing her to use and benefit from items such as Manamune and Archangel's Staff . This was hotfixed shortly after. References [ ] ↑ RicklessAbandon commenting on Riven's Runic Blade ↑ Battle Fury, Dragon Fury and Rage .