Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Master Yi View in 3D 260 / 21-Feb-2009 Assassin Master Yi View in 3D 390 / 17-Dec-2009 Chosen Master Yi View in 3D 520 / 03-Jun-2010 Ionia Master Yi View in 3D 975 / 12-Sep-2010 Samurai Yi View in 3D 520 / 07-Mar-2011 Headhunter Master Yi View in 3D 975 / 08-Feb-2012 PROJECT: Yi View in 3D 1820 / 07-Sep-2015 Cosmic Blade Master Yi View in 3D 1350 / 26-Apr-2017 Eternal Sword Yi View in 3D 1350 / 27-Sep-2017 Blood Moon Master Yi View in 3D 1350 / 20-Feb-2020 PsyOps Master Yi View in 3D 1350 / 03-Sep-2020 Debonair Master Yi View in 3D 1350 / 09-Dec-2021 Spirit Blossom Master Yi View in 3D 1350 / 06-Oct-2022 Inkshadow Master Yi View in 3D 1820 / 03-May-2023 Blood Moon Master Yi Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Debonair Master Yi Chromas Amethyst Catseye Cerulean Club Emerald Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Eternal Sword Yi Chromas Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Turquoise Headhunter Master Yi Chromas Aqua Crimson Gold Inkshadow Master Yi Chromas Catseye Inked Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Turquoise PsyOps Master Yi Chromas Emerald Hunter Rose Quartz Ruby Sandstone Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Spirit Blossom Master Yi Chromas Catseye Emerald Night Blossom Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Legacy Vault Snow Man Yi View in 3D 1350 / 06-Dec-2018 Snow Man Yi Chromas Amethyst Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Rare & Limited Prestige Spirit Blossom Master Yi View in 3D Special / 06-Oct-2022 Upcoming Heavenscale Master Yi View in 3D 1350 / 07-Feb-2024 Heavenscale Master Yi Chromas Amethyst Citrine Emerald Lustrous Meteorite Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Wild Rift Exclusive [ ] Zephyr Dragon Master Yi 1325 Screenshots [ ] Classic Master Yi (Visual Update) Classic Master Yi & Skins (Visual Update) Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Whiffs Caused Skillshots dodged with Alpha Strike (Q) You're Next Multiple (2+) champions killed during Highlander (R) Zen Health Damage mitigated with Meditation (W) A Masterful Technique True damage to champions with Wuju Style (E) There Can Only Be One Slows or Cripples cleansed or ignored with Highlander (R) Unshakable Blade Alpha Strike (Q) cooldown reduced from attacks and takedowns on champions Trivia [ ] Original Master Yi He resembles Sam Fisher from Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell . His sword is modeled after a ringed- Dao . He has three different running animations. A strange occurrence between all his skins is that whenever Yi basic attacks a target at the start of a match, he will repeat his outward slashing animation twice for the first two basic attacks. Assassin Master Yi This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali He is among the only three skins priced at 390 , making them the cheapest ones available (excluding sales and giveaways/promotions). The others are: Golden Alistar White Mage Veigar The prior version of this skin before his visual upgrade was a mere black-and-white re-coloring of his original skin. Chosen Master Yi This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali Both him and Forsaken Jayce went on sale on 4-May-2015 ( Star Wars Day ) and were 54% off (May the fourth be with you). He references the Jedi Order from Star Wars . Wuju Style's states change his lightsaber's color: On cooldown/not-learned: blue. Off cooldown: green. Active: red. The skin's title, as well as his stances changing his weapon from blue/green to red, may be a reference to the saga of Anakin Skywalker , the " Chosen One ," from Star Wars . Ionia Master Yi This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali His outfit resembles pre-rework Irelia's (might be indicating this is him as a member of the Ionian guard). The Ionian crest can be seen on his robes' tail. Samurai Yi This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali He references the eponymous Japanese warrior caste . Headhunter Master Yi Chromas: Aqua,  Crimson,  Gold This skin shares the Headhunter theme with: Headhunter Akali Headhunter Caitlyn Headhunter Nidalee Headhunter Rengar He references the Yautja from Predator . His helmet and his goggles resemble Hotsuma's from Shinobi . An earlier version of his art had him preparing to fight Cho'Gath . The original version of this skin prior to his visual upgrade had notable oddities, such as his blade being held the opposite way, and closer inspection of his Alpha Strike animation showed Yi leaving afterimages of one of his auto-attack animations (shown as rapidly performing his auto-attack animations at fast speed instead with a 3D model viewer). These issues were fixed for the visual-updated version. PROJECT: Yi This skin shares the PROJECT theme with: Prestige PROJECT: Sylas Prestige PROJECT: Zed PROJECT: Akali PROJECT: Ekko PROJECT: Fiora ...and others PROJECT: Leona PROJECT: Renekton PROJECT: Sejuani PROJECT: Sylas PROJECT: Zed He is from an alternate timeline in which he was cybernetically augmented as part of the PROJECT Initiative. His gear includes: 098X Fusion Edge Monarch SR 'Living Flame' Armor Regenerative Energy Vortex Neural Sensory Amplifier Unknown He describes himself as " Trace lost ... my name... is Yi." If one tells PROJECT: Ashe they fight for 'harmony' she'll say the following: "A perfect anomaly." His sword ( 098X Fusion Edge ) splits into a dual-blade when the Highlander ability is activated, though it does not change the animations of his basic attacks. PROJECT: Yi is the only PROJECT skin to lose a larger majority of his armor in his animations (upon both his death or during his ultimate). He was conceived as 'Cyber Yi' by Marco 'Wendigo' Silva (an artist from the Riot Games Inc. São Paulo office). He might have been inspired by Plan-1056 Codarl from Full Metal Panic! and/or Zer0 from Borderlands . His dance references Have a Nice Day by World Order . A side-by-side comparison can be seen here. Cosmic Blade Master Yi This skin shares the Cosmic theme with: Cosmic Lux Cosmic Charger Hecarim Cosmic Defender Xin Zhao Cosmic Huntress Nidalee Cosmic Invoker Illaoi ...and others Cosmic Matriarch Bel'Veth Cosmic Paladin Nautilus Cosmic Paladins Nunu & Willump Cosmic Reaver Kassadin Cosmic Sting Skarner Dark Star Rhaast This skin was released along with: Cosmic Dawn Rakan Cosmic Dusk Xayah During the development period, the skin was called "Cosmic Reaver Master Yi". His blade resembles the Moonflair Spellblade item available in Twisted Treeline . Eternal Sword Yi Chromas: Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Turquoise This skin shares the Immortal Journey theme with: Enduring Sword Talon God Staff Jax Immortal Journey Kayle Immortal Journey Shyvana Immortal Journey Zed ...and others Immortal Journey Zeri Prestige Valiant Sword Riven Prestige Valiant Sword Riven (2022) Soaring Sword Fiora Valiant Sword Riven This is the first skin with his face revealed and the first time Master Yi's face was shown in any form of media, albeit in an alternate universe. The artwork of the short story Homecoming revealed that Original Master Yi shares the same forehead mark as Eternal Sword Yi . 2 Master Yi also has this mark in Legends of Runeterra . Seven sparks of light can be seen in front of his face, resembling the seven-eye goggles Master Yi wears. Master Yi in this skin has two different high-movement speed animations: one with his Highlander active where he will glide forward through the air, and one with a normal high-speed boost (such as from the base fountain) where he will surf on top of his sword instead. The mask is held on the waist. Snow Man Yi Chromas: Amethyst,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Winter Wonder theme with: Frostfire Annie Frozen Prince Mundo Ice King Twitch Poro Rider Sejuani Snow Fawn Poppy ...and others Snowstorm Sivir Winter Wonder Karma Winter Wonder Lulu Winter Wonder Neeko Winter Wonder Orianna He was released in celebration of Snowdown Showdown 2018 along with: Frozen Prince Mundo Winter Wonder Neeko Winter Wonder Soraka Ice King Twitch Blood Moon Master Yi Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Blood Moon theme with: Blood Moon Akali Blood Moon Diana Blood Moon Evelynn Blood Moon Katarina Blood Moon Pyke ...and others Blood Moon Shen Blood Moon Sivir Blood Moon Thresh Blood Moon Tryndamere Blood Moon Zilean PsyOps Master Yi Chromas: Emerald,  Hunter,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sandstone,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the PsyOps theme with: Prestige PsyOps Ezreal PsyOps Ezreal PsyOps Shen PsyOps Sona PsyOps Vi Zephyr Dragon Master Yi This skin is currently unique to Wild Rift Debonair Master Yi Chromas: Amethyst,  Catseye,  Cerulean Club,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the Debonair theme with: Debonair Brand Debonair Draven Debonair Ezreal Debonair Jayce Debonair LeBlanc ...and others Debonair Leona Debonair Malzahar Debonair Vi Debonair Zed Prestige Debonair Brand Spirit Blossom Master Yi Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Night Blossom,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the Spirit Blossom theme with: Prestige Spirit Blossom Teemo Spirit Blossom Ahri Spirit Blossom Darius Spirit Blossom Evelynn Spirit Blossom Kindred ...and others Spirit Blossom Sett Spirit Blossom Teemo Spirit Blossom Thresh Spirit Blossom Yone Spirit Blossom Yorick He represents the Spirit of Legacy in the Spirit Blossom festival. Prestige Spirit Blossom Master Yi This skin shares the Spirit Blossom theme with: Prestige Spirit Blossom Teemo Spirit Blossom Ahri Spirit Blossom Darius Spirit Blossom Evelynn Spirit Blossom Kindred ...and others Spirit Blossom Sett Spirit Blossom Teemo Spirit Blossom Thresh Spirit Blossom Yone Spirit Blossom Yorick This is the second skin in which Yi wears glasses, the first being Debonair Master Yi . Inkshadow Master Yi Chromas: Catseye,  Inked,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Inkshadow theme with: Inkshadow Aurelion Sol Inkshadow Kai'Sa Inkshadow Udyr Inkshadow Volibear Inkshadow Yasuo Inkshadow Yone Prestige Inkshadow Yasuo References [ ]