Mercurial Scimitar edit Stats +40 attack damage +50 magic resistance +20% critical strike chance Active Unique – Quicksilver : Removes all crowd control debuffs (except Airborne ) from your champion and grants 50% bonus total movement speed and ghosting for 1. 5 seconds (90 second cooldown). Limitations Limited to 1 Quicksilver item. Recipe + + + 225 Cost Sell ID 3000 2100 3139 Availability SR 5v5 HA ARAM Nexus Blitz Arena Menu Marksman Attack Damage Critical Strike Magic Resistance Movement Keywords merc scim Mercurial Scimitar is a legendary item in League of Legends . Recipe Mercurial Scimitar 3000 ( 225 ) Quicksilver Sash 1300 ( 850 ) Null-Magic Mantle 450 Cloak of Agility 600 Pickaxe 875 Cost Analysis Gold Value 40 attack damage = 1400 20% critical strike chance = 800 50 magic resistance = 900 Total Gold Value = 3100 Gold efficiency Mercurial Scimitar's base stats are 103. 33 % gold efficient. Similar items Maw of Malmortius Wit's End Notes The bonus movement speed stacks multiplicatively with other sources of movement speed boosts. Quicksilver is an auto-targeted effect. Quicksilver's cast does not break stealth . Quicksilver has no cast time . Quicksilver's cooldown does not transfer between items that have its active effect. Quicksilver is disabled during Airborne effects. Suspension will be fully removed by Quicksilver . Quicksilver has a very similar effect to Cleanse , but there are some differences: Quicksilver removes suppression (including Realm of Death ) and nearsight while Cleanse does not. Cleanse removes summoner spell debuffs while Quicksilver does not. Cleanse grants a Tenacity buff while Quicksilver does not. Quicksilver does not remove any accompanying, persistent effects that occur with crowd control from an enemy ability unless otherwise stated. Some examples include the tether from Malzahar's Nether Grasp , the on-hit attacks from Warwick's Infinite Duress , and the damage reduction from Exhaust . Quicksilver cannot remove stasis . Despite the fact that it cannot be cleansed , Quicksilver is put on a 3-second static cooldown while affected by Bard's Tempered Fate and put on a 0. 5 -second cooldown for Zhonya's Hourglass . Quicksilver will not remove self slows . The only exceptions are Blitzcrank's Overdrive and Quinn's Behind Enemy Lines . Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit Quicksilver cooldown changed to 45 seconds. Strategy Mercurial Scimitar is an upgrade for attack damage carries after having purchased Quicksilver Sash . Mercurial Scimitar's active is a great escape tool with the increased movement speed upon removal of the crowd control effects. This becomes even more effective when using a dash or blink spell to create more distance from enemies. Old icons 1st version 2nd version Trivia The named item effect Quicksilver is derived from the chemical element mercury , which is also known as quicksilver. Media Active VFX Movement Speed VFX Sound Effects Activation Link ▶️ Active SFX 