Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Miss Fortune View in 3D 790 / 08-Sep-2010 Cowgirl Miss Fortune View in 3D 750 / 08-Sep-2010 Waterloo Miss Fortune View in 3D 520 / 08-Sep-2010 Crime City Miss Fortune View in 3D 975 / 01-Nov-2011 Arcade Miss Fortune View in 3D 1350 / 12-Aug-2014 Captain Fortune View in 3D 975 / 30-Jul-2015 Pool Party Miss Fortune View in 3D 1350 / 13-Jul-2016 Star Guardian Miss Fortune View in 3D 1350 / 06-Sep-2017 Gun Goddess Miss Fortune View in 3D 2775 / 22-Mar-2018 Pajama Guardian Miss Fortune View in 3D 1350 / 21-Nov-2018 Ruined Miss Fortune View in 3D 1350 / 22-Jul-2021 Battle Bunny Miss Fortune View in 3D 1820 / 31-Mar-2022 Broken Covenant Miss Fortune View in 3D 1350 / 09-Mar-2023 Arcade Miss Fortune Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Citrine K.O. Peridot Ruby Battle Bunny Miss Fortune Chromas Catseye Nightwire Obsidian Peridot Rose Quartz Ruby Broken Covenant Miss Fortune Chromas Catseye Emerald Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Gun Goddess Miss Fortune forms Royal Arms Starswarm Zero Hour Ruined Miss Fortune Chromas Amethyst Catseye Cursed Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Legacy Vault Secret Agent Miss Fortune View in 3D 975 / 16-Nov-2010 Candy Cane Miss Fortune View in 3D 975 / 14-Dec-2010 Road Warrior Miss Fortune View in 3D 520 / 24-May-2011 Bewitching Miss Fortune View in 3D 1350 / 24-Oct-2019 Rare & Limited Prestige Bewitching Miss Fortune View in 3D Special / 24-Oct-2019 Prestige Bewitching Miss Fortune (2022) View in 3D Special / 01-Apr-2022 Prestige Broken Covenant Miss Fortune View in 3D Special / 09-Mar-2023 Upcoming Porcelain Miss Fortune View in 3D 1350 / N/A Porcelain Miss Fortune Chromas Catseye Obsidian Pearl Peridot Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Turquoise Wild Rift Exclusive [ ] Lunar Beast Miss Fortune 1325 Screenshots [ ] Arcade Miss Fortune Classic Miss Fortune (Visual & Gameplay Update) Captain Fortune Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 2-for-1 Specials Champions hit with empowered (killing blow) Double Ups (Q) Catwalk Distance travelled while at max stacks of Strut (WP) Guns Blazin' Champions killed with Bullet Time (R) Monsoon Of Misery Takedowns within 6s of being slowed with Make It Rain (E) No Pray, No Pay Damage to champions and turrets with Love Tap (P) Waves Of Pain Multiple champions hit with Bullet Time (R) Trivia [ ] Original Miss Fortune She resembles Elza from Final Fantasy XII . She might be referencing Rue Meridian from Shannara by Terry Brooks . Cowgirl Miss Fortune This skin shares the High Noon theme with: Bandito Fiddlesticks High Noon Darius High Noon Hecarim High Noon Leona High Noon Senna ...and others High Noon Thresh High Noon Twitch Longhorn Alistar Sandscourge Skarner Sheriff Caitlyn High Noon Yasuo can be seen in the background of her splash art (as well as a mug shot of High Noon Jhin in the wanted poster). Waterloo Miss Fortune This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali She references the eponymous battle fought by Napoleon . Secret Agent Miss Fortune This skin shares the Cops and Robbers theme with: Captain Volibear Constable Trundle Officer Caitlyn Officer Vi Pickpocket Twitch Safecracker Evelynn Secret Agent Xin Zhao She references a femme fatale . She resembles Jessica Rabbit from Who Framed Roger Rabbit? film. 'Shock' and 'Awe' became two Golden Guns from James Bond movies. Old Chinese Artwork The background is a reference to Hong Kong Island and Kowloon at night. A banner with the Doran items can be seen next to a neon sign reading 多兰武器坊 (Chinese: 'Doran Weapon Workshop') Another neon sign with a picture of Janna reads 'Only 9. 98 (yuan)' referencing the Storm's Fury's 'only US$2. 95 a minute' joke. Candy Cane Miss Fortune This skin shares the Snowdown Showdown theme with: Festive Maokai Happy Elf Teemo Mistletoe LeBlanc Nutcracko Re-Gifted Amumu ...and others Santa Braum Santa Draven Santa Gragas Snow Bunny Nidalee Workshop Nunu & Willump She was released in celebration of Snowdown Showdown 2010 along with: Re-Gifted Amumu Santa Gragas Reindeer Kog'Maw Ragdoll Poppy Nutcracko Silent Night Sona She is leaning on a Volibear plush. There are multiple Poro related objects in the splash art. The wrapping on the present to the left contains poros. A poro can be seen on the Christmas tree above Miss Fortune. A poro can be seen licking a stamp with Braum's mustache. The mustache indicates she received her 'Shock' and 'Awe' from Santa Braum . Road Warrior Miss Fortune This skin shares the Road Warrior theme with: Apocalyptic Brand Badlands Baron Rumble Baron Von Veigar Blast Zone Heimerdinger Hyena Warwick Junkyard Trundle Ruthless Pantheon She references Mad Max 2: The Road Warrior film. 'Shock' and 'Awe' became two sawed-off double barrel shotguns. Crime City Miss Fortune This skin shares the Crime City theme with: Crime City Braum Crime City Graves Crime City Jinx Crime City Twitch Gragas, Esq. Knockout Lee Sin 'Shock' and 'Awe' became two Thompson submachine guns . The banner in the background is the Deadly Venom emblem. Both her henchmen are interrogating Twich's henchmen. This could mean that Miss Fortune and her men are looking for him. One of the men in the background bears some resemblance to Braum . Arcade Miss Fortune Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Citrine,  K.O.,  Peridot,  Ruby This skin shares the Arcade: Heroes theme with: Arcade Ahri Arcade Caitlyn Arcade Corki Arcade Ezreal Arcade Hecarim ...and others Arcade Kai'Sa Arcade Riven Arcade Sona Prestige Arcade Caitlyn Prestige Arcade Caitlyn (2022) The trophy in her splash art resembles Final Boss Veigar's glove. She was inspired by 'vyxil' and 'momobucket' 's artwork (which has been deleted by the user). Gangplank can be seen in the background. Her hat resembles Mario's . Interestingly, almost all chroma pallet swaps are similar to the attire colours of the Super Mario plumbers. 'Shock' and 'Awe' became two NES Zappers . Her bubble gum references Action 52 . Her basic attacks particle effects reference Shoot 'em up games. When she dies, she blinks out of existence, referencing Platform games . Her recalling , references Duck Hunt videogame. She has a Game Boy strapped to her hip (the buttons are reversed). Captain Fortune This skin shares the Bilgewater: Burning Tides theme with: Bilgewater Katarina Buccaneer Tristana Captain Gangplank Cutpurse Twisted Fate Cutthroat Graves ...and others Fiddle Me Timbers Kingpin Twitch Pirate Ryze Rogue Admiral Garen Sea Hunter Aatrox This is her during and after Burning Tides , having 'killed' Gangplank and starting to purge Bilgewater of those loyal to him. Rejected names for this skin include 'Sarah Fortune', 'Baroness Fortune', 'Queen Fortune' and 'Mistress Fortune'. [1] She was inspired by Anne Bonny (also known as Sarah Bonny) and Mary Read from the Golden Age of Piracy . When recalling , she shoots an orange and blows it a kiss, referencing Gangplank's 'death'. Pool Party Miss Fortune This skin shares the Pool Party theme with: Pool Party Caitlyn Pool Party Draven Pool Party Fiora Pool Party Graves Pool Party Leona ...and others Pool Party Orianna Pool Party Renekton Pool Party Sett Pool Party Zoe Pool Party Mundo In her splash art, Blitzcrank , Dr. Mundo , and Lux in their Pool Party attire along with Pool Party Lee Sin can be seen in the background, each holding a Smartphone (the Blind Monk's is flipped and the Lady of Luminosity's features a Poro sticker). 'Shock' and 'Awe' became two water guns ( 'Shock' and 'Shower'). Make It Rain fires coconuts. Her artwork and her recalling reference taking a selfie . Star Guardian Miss Fortune This skin shares the Star Guardian Season 2 theme with: Pajama Guardian Ezreal Pajama Guardian Miss Fortune Pajama Guardian Soraka Prestige Star Guardian Soraka Star Guardian Ahri Star Guardian Ezreal Star Guardian Soraka Star Guardian Syndra She is Ahri's second in command on the team consisting of Ezreal , Soraka , and Syndra . She references the magical girl genre of anime . She's accompanied by the twin familiar spirits Boki and Baki. They are the embodiment of her desire for revenge covered by a playful facade. They assist her while homeguarding, recalling and ulting. The concept of the weapon was inspired on the Panty 's Backlace from Panty & Stocking with Garterbelt . Pajama Guardian Miss Fortune This skin shares the Star Guardian Season 2 theme with: Pajama Guardian Ezreal Pajama Guardian Soraka Prestige Star Guardian Soraka Star Guardian Ahri Star Guardian Ezreal Star Guardian Miss Fortune Star Guardian Soraka Star Guardian Syndra She is wearing pajamas designed after her medium, Boki (Featured in the background). The party is playing Mechs vs. Minions . The bookshelf features: A group portrait of Star Guardian Ahri's team, notably her and Star Guardian Ezreal . The Sword and the Sabre , a book also seen within the Odyssey universe . Gun Goddess Miss Fortune Chromas: Royal Arms,  Starswarm,  Zero Hour This skin shares the Steel Valkyries theme with: Admiral Glasc Aether Wing Kayle Armored Titan Nasus Blade Mistress Morgana Bullet Angel Kai'Sa Cyber Halo Janna Prestige Cyber Halo Janna Strike Commander Camille Strike Paladin Lucian This is the first Ultimate tier skin that is not 3250 . This is due to the skin being lower quality than the rest during release, resembling more a Legendary skin with multiple high-quality chroma skins. During the game, she has four different exosuits to choose from—Scarlet Fair, Zero Hour, Starswarm, and Royal Arms. When at the fountain, a UI will pop up with the option to switch exosuits. Scarlet Fair (Base) : Built by MF from her father's blueprints, this highly modified suit sports S.F. Particle Cannons that fire a rotating barrage of bullets, antimatter tank shells, missiles, and antipersonnel flak discharges. Zero Hour : A gravity-resistant exosuit and so-called ‘black hole gun.’ Fires spheres of super-condensed dark matter. Starswarm : A banned exosuit that utilizes creatures born from exploding suns to melt MF's enemies. Royal Arms : Capable of wiping out an entire fleet with its rapid-fire antimatter warheads, only a few of these suits were ever produced due to their immense destructive power. She has a bounty of CU$62,680,959,387. She has claimed the bounty (CU$700,000) of Captain Charles Watanabe from the Royal Space Military for crimes of desertion and military vessel theft. Fortune wanted him for personal reasons, but didn't mind the reward. Bewitching Miss Fortune This skin shares the Bewitching theme with: Bewitching Fiora Bewitching LeBlanc Bewitching Neeko Bewitching Nidalee Bewitching Poppy ...and others Bewitching Senna Bewitching Tristana Bewitching Yuumi Prestige Bewitching Miss Fortune Prestige Bewitching Miss Fortune (2022) She created Witch's Brew Blitzcrank . Bewitching Nidalee and Bewitching Morgana can be seen with presumably Bewitching Tristana's cauldron fumes being barely visible in the background. Prestige Bewitching Miss Fortune This skin shares the Bewitching theme with: Bewitching Fiora Bewitching LeBlanc Bewitching Miss Fortune Bewitching Neeko Bewitching Nidalee ...and others Bewitching Poppy Bewitching Senna Bewitching Tristana Bewitching Yuumi Prestige Bewitching Miss Fortune (2022) Bewitching Miss Fortune Prestige Edition is the longest Loading Screen display name at 40 characters. For contrast, it is longer than Vi , the champion with the shortest loading screen display in their Original skin at 2 characters long, by 38 characters. Lunar Beast Miss Fortune This skin shares the Lunar Beast theme with: Lunar Beast Alistar Lunar Beast Annie Lunar Beast Darius Lunar Beast Fiora Lunar Beast Jarvan IV Lunar Beast Miss Fortune The skin is currently unique to Wild Rift . Battle Bunny Miss Fortune Chromas: Catseye,  Nightwire,  Obsidian,  Peridot,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Anima Squad theme with: Battle Bat Vayne Battle Bunny Prime Riven Battle Cat Jinx Battle Wolf Sylas Prestige Battle Cat Jinx Her dance is a reference to the Japanese VTuber character Oozora Subaru and her duck from Hololive . Suzuki Kenta made a Dancing Duck animation based on an infamous situation when she attempted to do an ASMR video, only for her attempts to sound more like Donald Duck. The video, posted on YouTube , became viral through an edit by Rul3r of Wind that added the music of Hey Ya! by Outkast . A side-by-side comparison can be seen here . Broken Covenant Miss Fortune Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Broken Covenant theme with: Broken Covenant Cho'Gath Broken Covenant Nocturne Broken Covenant Rakan Broken Covenant Riven Broken Covenant Vladimir Broken Covenant Xayah Prestige Broken Covenant Miss Fortune Prestige Broken Covenant Miss Fortune This skin shares the Broken Covenant theme with: Broken Covenant Cho'Gath Broken Covenant Miss Fortune Broken Covenant Nocturne Broken Covenant Rakan Broken Covenant Riven Broken Covenant Vladimir Broken Covenant Xayah References [ ] ↑ Dev: On Naming Skins