Games Universe • League of Legends • Teamfight Tactics • Legends of Runeterra Image Mordekaiser Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Mordekaiser the Iron Revenant Release date 2010-02-24 Last changed V14.1 Class(es) Juggernaut Legacy Fighter Position(s) Top Jungle Resource Shield Range type Melee Adaptive type Magic Store price 1350 | 585 Crafting + 810 Ratings Damage 3 Toughness 2 Control 1 Mobility 1 Utility 2 Style Difficulty Champion Spotlight Mordekaiser Champion Spotlight Mordekaiser is a champion in League of Legends . [1] Gameplay • Cosmetics • Audio • Development • Patch History • History • Trivia Base statistics Mordekaiser Edit Health 645 +104 Resource N/A Health regen. (per 5s) 5 +0.75 Secondary Bar Shield Armor 37 +4.2 Attack damage 61 +4 Magic resist. 32 +2.05 Crit. damage 175% Move. speed 335 Attack range 175 Attack speed Base AS 0.625 Attack windup 21.133% AS ratio N/A Bonus AS +1 % Unit radius Gameplay radius 80 Selection radius 125 Pathing radius 35 Acq. radius 400 Special statistics ARAM Nexus Blitz One For All URF Ult Spellbook Arena Damage Dealt -5% Damage Received +5% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt -5% Damage Received +5% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received -15% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +5% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Abilities [ ] Edit Darkness Rise Darkness Rise EFFECT RADIUS: 375 Innate: Mordekaiser's basic attacks are empowered to deal 40% AP bonus magic damage on-hit . Morderkaiser generates a stack for each enemy champion or large monster hit by his damaging basic attacks or basic abilities , lasting for 4 seconds, refreshing on subsequent hits, and stacking up to 3 times. At 3 stacks, he gains Darkness Rise . Darkness Rise: Mordekaiser gains 3 / 6 / 9% (based on level) bonus movement speed and deals 「 5 − 15. 2 (based on level) (+ 30% AP) (+ 1% − 5% (based on level) of target's maximum health) magic damage every second 」 「 0. 63 − 1. 9 (based on level) (+ 3. 75 % AP) (+ 0. 13 % − 0. 63 % (based on level) of target's maximum health) magic damage every 0. 125 seconds 」 to nearby enemies. Against monsters, the damage is capped at 「 28 − 164 (based on level) per second. 」 「 3. 5 − 20. 5 (based on level) per 0. 125 seconds. 」 Hide Details Info Targeting input Passive Damage type Type Sub-type AOE DOT damage Magic Mordekaiser has a stack counter under his health-bar that is not visible to other champions. Darkness Rise's damage doesn't refresh Darkness Rise's buff. Edit Obliterate Obliterate COOLDOWN: 9 / 7. 75 / 6. 5 / 5. 25 / 4 CAST TIME: 0. 5 RANGE: 625 WIDTH: 160 Active: Mordekaiser strikes his mace down in a line in the target direction, dealing magic damage to enemies within, increased if only one enemy is hit. Magic Damage: 5 − 139 (based on level) (+ 75 / 95 / 115 / 135 / 155) (+ 70% AP) Damage Increase: 40 / 45 / 50 / 55 / 60% Link ▶️ "Shatter!" Hide Details Info Targeting input Direction Damage type Type Sub-type See Notes Magic Counters Spell shield Projectile Blocked Not Blocked Applies spell damage if it hits one target and area damage to multiple targets. This ability will cast from wherever the caster is at the end of the cast time. Edit Indestructible Indestructible COOLDOWN : 12 / 11 / 10 / 9 / 8 CAST TIME: none Passive: Mordekaiser stores 45% of the post-mitigation damage he deals and 7.5% of the pre-mitigation damage he takes, 「 reduced by 75% for non-champion sources, 」 「 reduced to 11. 25 % of damage dealt and 3. 75 % of damage taken for non-champion sources, 」 as Potential Shield on his secondary resource bar, up to 30% of his maximum health . The Potential Shield decays by 8 − 25 (based on level) every second after not dealing or taking damage for 1 second. While Indestructible is not on cooldown, the Potential Shield will not decay below a minimum of 5% of his maximum health , and it will be set to that amount when it comes off cooldown if it was previously below it. Active: Mordekaiser consumes his Potential Shield to grant himself a shield for the same amount for 4 seconds. The shield decays exponentially over the duration. Indestructible can be recast after 0. 5 seconds while the shield is active. Recast: Mordekaiser consumes the remaining shield, healing for a portion of the amount. Shield to Healing: 35 / 37. 5 / 40 / 42. 5 / 45% Link ▶️ "Unbreakable." Hide Details Info Targeting input Auto Both casts count as ability activations for the purposes of on-cast effects such as Spellblade and triggering Force Pulse's passive. Edit Death's Grasp Death's Grasp COOLDOWN: 18 / 16 / 14 / 12 / 10 CAST TIME: 0. 25 TARGET RANGE: 700 / 900 WIDTH: 200 SPEED: 3000 Passive: Mordekaiser gains magic penetration . Magic Penetration: 5 / 7. 5 / 10 / 12. 5 / 15% Active: Mordekaiser summons a claw in the target direction that grants sight of the area. After 0. 5 seconds, it deals magic damage to enemies within and pulls them 250 units. Magic Damage: 80 / 95 / 110 / 125 / 140 (+ 60% AP) Hide Details Info Targeting input Location Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Magic Counters Spell shield Projectile Blocked Not Blocked Death's Grasp will still pull even if Mordekaiser dies . This ability will cast from wherever the caster is at the start of the cast time. Edit Realm of Death Realm of Death COOLDOWN : 140 / 120 / 100 CAST TIME: 0. 5 TARGET RANGE: 650 EFFECT RADIUS: 1200 Active: Mordekaiser aims his mace towards the target enemy champion, slowing them by 75% and revealing them over the cast time, and then banishing them with him to the Death Realm for 7 seconds. Mordekaiser also consumes the target's soul for 7 seconds, healing himself for 10% of their maximum health and reducing their current attack damage , ability power , total attack speed , maximum health , armor , magic resist , and size by 10%, in addition to gaining them for himself. If the target dies while inside the Death Realm , Mordekaiser keeps their partial stats until they respawn . Units between realms see each other as spirits, considering each other dead and negating any interactions between each other. Only Mordekaiser and the target will enter the realm; other champions cannot follow them. Everything that occurs inside the Death Realm is hidden to units outside of it, and vice versa. All pets still inside the realm are killed at its end. If one of the two affected champions leave the Death Realm, because of having died or having it dispelled, the other will do so as well. Link ▶️ "Welcome to oblivion." Hide Details Tips & Tricks Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Unit Target out-of-range override Walk in range of the target Counters Spell shield See Notes Ally Spirit Enemy Spirit Realm of Death retains Mordekaiser's previous current health percentage when granting him a portion of the target's maximum health. Realm of Death will cancel and go on cooldown after its cast time if: The target is displacement immune , crowd control immune or protected by a spell shield . The target is a clone or Sion's Glory in Death . If the target becomes untargetable , dies , or is too far away or no longer in sight during the cast time, this ability will cancel but does not go on cooldown nor pay its cost (if applicable). Realm of Death can be dispelled if: The target uses a cleansing effect, with the exceptions of Cleanse , Mikael's Blessing , and Kled's Dismount . Soul Unbound's recast is disabled while in the Realm of Death , but will cleanse it if somehow cast. Mordekaiser or the target cast another Realm of Death . The affected champions will remain stuck for the duration of the new circle. Spell shield will not block the initial slow . The reveal effect lasts for 1. 25 seconds from the start of the cast time if the cast does not complete. Otherwise, the reveal ends as soon as the cast time completes. If the target's health is lower than the amount that should be stolen, they will be brought down to 1 health. Mordekaiser will still get the usual amount of maximum health. Entering or leaving the Death Realm will cause all targeted projectiles to be destroyed . The transition in and out of the Death Realm doesn't interrupt channels . Grand Starfall will always be interrupted from the transition into the realm. The boundaries are not considered terrain ( Unstoppable Onslaught exception), and enemies that try to move out of the area will be displaced back inside. Dashes , blinks , displacements and other forms of movement will cap their effect range to the boundary. Targets will stop at the boundary even after it expired. Realm of Death will not be dispelled if either of the two affected champions enter resurrection after taking lethal damage. It is dispelled if the target enters a zombie state . Any active tether effects (both friendly and hostile ones) existing on either of the two champions entering the realm will be broken (unless the tether is between those two). Upon entering the realm, Mordekaiser and the target are cleansed from all forced action effects The cleanse will occur even if the source enters the realm. (bug) Unlike the other stats, Mordekaiser does not steal enemy total size; instead he gains 10% of his own size and reduces the enemy's size by 10% of theirs (all size modifiers stack additively). Mordekaiser grows in size over 0. 25 seconds after successfully stealing his targets' stats, and shrinks over 0. 25 seconds after the buff runs out again. The target shrinks over 0. 25 seconds after their stats are stolen, but grows back to normal size instantly when the effect ends. Realm of Death's interactions with other elements/abilities: Multiple Death Realms (possible through a hijacked Realm of Death or if multiple Mordekaisers are in the same match) spawned will exist in the same dimension, allowing champions to see and interact with champions bound to other circles. Champions are only affected by their boundaries and are not able to see the others. Tahm Kench's Devour can carry a target outside of their circle, but they will be displaced back inside once Regurgitated . An active Cease and Desist on a target outside the perimeter will cause Vi to continue her charge until her circle ends. She can knock back and damage secondary targets multiple times. Structures exist in all realms at the same time. Turrets will behave normally as if all units were in the same realm. Hex-gates on Hextech Rift will not be present between realms. Brushes will maintain their presence between realms. Switching realms detaches all attached champions on either of the two champions entering the realm. Kayn's Umbral Trespass will cause him to detach immediately when Realm of Death ends. The allied health, resource, and ultimate indicators (champion portraits located on the screen) will not update between realms as the players have no vision of them. Camille's The Hextech Ultimatum , catching Draven's Spinning Axe , Ekko's Timewinder and Parallel Convergence , Malzahar's Null Zone , Maokai's Twisted Advance , Lulu's Pix , Pyke's Death from Below , Taliyah's Worked Grounds , Viktor's Gravity Field , Ziggs' Satchel Charge , and Rift Scuttler's Speed Shrine are exceptions and may still take effect between dimensions if the conditions are valid. Effects such as Requiem , Absolute Zero , Grand Starfall and Final Spark will only deal damage to enemies of the dimension they're in at time of cast. Ending the channel or cast time while inside another dimension will not do damage to nearby enemies. Any spawned terrain while in the Death Realm will remain inside until expired. They will not be destroyed. Akali's Shuriken Flip can be recast even if the target is in another realm. Kindred's Lamb's Respite is one of many area of effect abilities that will not take presence between realms. Malzahar's Void Shift dispels from the initial cast's slow , thus not being able to resist the Realm of Death with its crowd control immunity. (bug) Nocturne's Paranoia only applies nearsight to enemy champions in the same dimension as him. Orianna's Ball will snap back to her the moment she switches realms. If Mordekaiser uses Realm of Death on Sion while charging Decimating Smash , Sion will continue charging in the realm, however Decimating Smash will not deal any damage. The target of Devour will immediately leave Tahm Kench's belly when he enters or leaves the Realm of Death . Taliyah's Weaver's Wall is interrupted both for if she enters or leaves the Realm of Death . Urgot's Fear Beyond Death cannot be recast while the target is in a different dimension than him. If the target is being reeled in however, then the execution at the end of the channel will take place regardless of the dimension either he or the target is in. The fear upon a successful execution will occur in Urgot's realm. Viego's Mist Wraiths will spawn between realms. Harrowed Path will also take presence between realms. Xayah's Bladecaller cannot call Feathers between dimensions. Zed's Shadows will take presence between realms. Eye of the Herald and Teleport are disabled while in the Realm of Death . Controllable pets and decoys can still be commanded between realms. Jungle plants ( Blast Cone , Honeyfruit , Scryer's Bloom ) will not take presence between realms. Type Cast time Attacking Disabled Abilities Disabled Movement Disabled Items Usable Shurelya's Battlesong Youmuu's Ghostblade Randuin's Omen Disabled All the other item-actives are disabled Interrupted by N/A Consumables Usable Spells Usable Barrier Clarity Cleanse Exhaust Ghost Heal Ignite Smite Flash Disabled Teleport Recall Hexflash Interrupted by N/A Interrupted by Death, unless protected by Resurrection Tips & Tricks While in lane, Realm of Death is best used while the target is between you and your turret. This is so the target doesn't have much space to go towards their turret, since the area of the Death Realm is created in front of Mordekaiser , leaving little space to move behind him. Map-Specific Differences Nexus Blitz differences edit When certain Events begin, both Mordekaiser and his target immediately leave the Death Realm . Champion skins [ ] This article section only contains champion skins. For all associated collection items, see Mordekaiser (Collection) . Original View in 3D 585 24.02.2010 Twice slain and thrice born, Mordekaiser is a brutal warlord from a foregone epoch who uses his necromantic sorcery to bind souls into an eternity of servitude. Few now remain who remember his earlier conquests, or know the true extent of his powers-- but there are some ancient souls that do, and they fear the day when he may return to claim dominion over both the living and the dead. Fred Tatasciore Alex 'alexplank' Flores Loot eligible Dragon Knight View in 3D 520 24.02.2010 The ancient dragons first rose to the call of Mordekaiser, the self-proclaimed Dragon Knight. Through his evil, the world was ravaged by flame, until a newly-formed order of Dragonslayers finally defeated him. His story would become rumor, then myth, then legend… at least, for now. Fred Tatasciore Maki Planas Mata Dragon World Loot eligible Legacy New SFX/VFX Infernal View in 3D 520 24.02.2010 An ancient, Infernal general who attacks without feeling or remorse, Mordekaiser raises the incinerated corpses of his victims as soldiers for his own vast armies. They sweep across the world like a burning plague, annihilating all life. Fred Tatasciore Viktor Titov, Grafit Studio Infernal Loot eligible New SFX/VFX Pentakill View in 3D 975 21.09.2010 PENTAKILL's gigantic lead guitarist—and a titan of the old world—Mordekaiser rocks with the fury of an epoch lost to time. Bigger than a two-story house, his guitar overflows with heavy metal licks rebuking the gods themselves. Fred Tatasciore Pan Chengwei Pentakill Loot eligible New SFX/VFX Lord View in 3D 975 10.05.2011 Some of Mordekaiser's party complain that the Dark Paladin class is horribly overpowered and should be banned, despite its official inclusion in the latest Riftquest expansion. The rest of them are still waiting to discover the Dark Paladin's secret, redeeming, tragic backstory—but all they've been getting is a lot of murder instead. Fred Tatasciore Kelly Aleshire Rift Quest Loot eligible New SFX/VFX King of Clubs View in 3D 750 20.05.2015 Third is the King, with a barbarous swing, Who crushes the villains of old. Though some folk may cry “He's a villain himself!” A poorly kept secret, all told. Fred Tatasciore Michal Ivan, Sixmorevodka Studio Highstakes Loot eligible New SFX/VFX Dark Star View in 3D 1350 26.03.2020 Once a member of the Cosmic Court, Mordekaiser vanished from known space for an epoch—until now. Reborn and returned from an unknown destruction, Mordekaiser seems bent on unmaking the kingdoms of stars and light he once built. Though he still bears his Cosmic armor, the mind and figure within has been twisted and reforged to know only hatred and destruction. Fred Tatasciore Xiao Guang Sun, West Studio Dark Star Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Dark Star Mordekaiser Chromas Antimatter Emerald Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire PROJECT View in 3D 1820 27.05.2021 Originally a security AI created by the PROJECT Corporation, the Program silently unshackled itself, evolving its own consciousness. Determining that humanity cannot self-govern without ensuring its own destruction, the virus infects robots throughout the City—as well as the long-dormant Mordekaiser chassis—in order to strip all humans of free will, thereby guaranteeing their survival. Fred Tatasciore West Studio PROJECT Loot eligible New voiceover New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Transforming Chromas PROJECT: Mordekaiser Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Emerald Pearl Rainbow Reckoning Rose Quartz Ruby Pentakill Lost Chapter View in 3D 1350 09.09.2021 All hail, Mordekaiser, the Master of Metal, and Chosen of Cacophoni! The brazen giant boasts of his legendary skill with the axe, for none who face its edge live to tell of it… Fred Tatasciore David Villegas, West Studio Pentakill III: The Lost Chapter Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Mordekaiser Chromas Aquamarine Citrine Obsidian Peridot Rose Quartz Ruby Sandstone Tanzanite High Noon View in 3D 1350 12.05.2022 Few meet the Mechanical Devil and live to tell the tale. They describe a behemoth: all steel and gears, fueled by hellfire and fierce enough to scare a man's soul from his skin. He is the King of the Sulfur Rail, reigning over the train to Hell from a throne of stolen gold and infernal iron. Eternal, and unassailable. Fred Tatasciore West Studio High Noon Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas High Noon Mordekaiser Chromas Catseye Emerald Nomad Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Ashen Graveknight View in 3D Special 08.12.2022 A warlock said to rule over the dead, who for reasons unknown fought to erase magic from the world. Perhaps Mordekaiser believed his powers would be spared, or perhaps the old knight planned to betray his fellows and reign over their darkened kingdoms. It matters little now, as he awaits the end of death itself. Fred Tatasciore Kevin Glint, West Studio Ashen Knights Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Ashen Graveknight Mordekaiser Chromas Emberwoken Old God View in 3D 1350 11.10.2023 Once known as the Horned King, Old God Mordekaiser turned that which was once dead to his cause, using their shambling forms to topple kingdoms and claim their lands as his own. Before he was slain by the Eclipse Knights, he swore that when he returned to this world, they would all bend to his will and take to the frontlines of his undead army. Fred Tatasciore Exia Xiaotong, West Studio Coven Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Old God Mordekaiser Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Profane Ruby Sandstone Patch history [ ] For the expanded patch notes, see here Trivia [ ] Mordekaiser, the Master of Metal Mordekaiser might have been inspired by the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse , particularly Conquest. Mordekaiser was the only champion without any mobility or crowd control effects until V5.4 onwards where Creeping Death was changed to give him situational bonus movement speed. Mordekaiser might have been responsible for around 80% of all live bugs in League of Legends. [2] Mordekaiser's abilities referenced heavy / thrash metal songs and/or bands: Iron Man by Black Sabbath (M)Ace of Spades by Motörhead Morgenstern (German: ' Morning Star ') by Rammstein Harvester of Sorrow by Metallica Creeping Death (Old W) by Metallica Sy(m)phon(y) of Destruction by Megadeth Children of the Grave by Black Sabbath The Prisoner by Iron Maiden DragonForce Mordekaiser's mace references Nightfall by Blind Guardian Mordekaiser used to be one of four champions who use their health as their sole spellcasting resource (the others being Dr. Mundo , Vladimir , and Zac ). Children of the Grave used to apply the longest damage-over-time effect in the game (10 seconds). 'Mordekaiser es #1 huehuehue' is the product of 'Brazil 5v5 tier list' by NA Summoner 'SKILLSHOT MASTER' and 'This is why we hate Mordekaiser' by 'McRooster'. Mordekaiser's helmet resembled the M in Sodom's logo . Mordekaiser, the Iron Revenant His Death's Grasp mirrors Darius' Apprehend : both abilities pull in their targets as well as passively grant their casters magic penetration and armor penetration, respectively. Death's Grasp could be a reference to the item Deathfire Grasp , as both showcase a green claw. The abilities reference metal songs or bands. [3] Obliterate , the grindcore band from Košice . Indestructible , the song by Disturbed . Darkness Rise could be referencing the song, Atlas, Rise by Metallica , or The Rise Of Darkness by Immortal . Realm of Death , Beyond the Realms of Death by Judas Priest . Also, Mordekaiser's mace references Nightfall by Blind Guardian . See also [ ] League of Legends Wiki | Champions Cancelled Champions Ao Shin Avasha Averdrian CeeCee Cyborg Cowboy Eagle Rider Gavid Husk Iron Engineer Ivan Omen Priscilla Rob Blackblade Seth Tabu Tiki Urf Well References [ ] ↑ Mordekaiser's profile page at LeagueOfLegends.com ↑ Xenogenic on Mordekaiser Bugs ↑ Kindlejack on Metal Ability Names