Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Mordekaiser View in 3D 585 / 24-Feb-2010 Infernal Mordekaiser View in 3D 520 / 24-Feb-2010 Pentakill Mordekaiser View in 3D 975 / 21-Sep-2010 Lord Mordekaiser View in 3D 975 / 10-May-2011 King of Clubs Mordekaiser View in 3D 750 / 20-May-2015 Dark Star Mordekaiser View in 3D 1350 / 26-Mar-2020 PROJECT: Mordekaiser View in 3D 1820 / 27-May-2021 Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Mordekaiser View in 3D 1350 / 09-Sep-2021 High Noon Mordekaiser View in 3D 1350 / 12-May-2022 Old God Mordekaiser View in 3D 1350 / 11-Oct-2023 Dark Star Mordekaiser Chromas Antimatter Emerald Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire High Noon Mordekaiser Chromas Catseye Emerald Nomad Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Old God Mordekaiser Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Profane Ruby Sandstone PROJECT: Mordekaiser Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Emerald Pearl Rainbow Reckoning Rose Quartz Ruby Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Mordekaiser Chromas Aquamarine Citrine Obsidian Peridot Rose Quartz Ruby Sandstone Tanzanite Legacy Vault Dragon Knight Mordekaiser View in 3D 520 / 24-Feb-2010 Rare & Limited Ashen Graveknight Mordekaiser View in 3D Special / 08-Dec-2022 Ashen Graveknight Mordekaiser Chromas Emberwoken Canceled Dark Crusader Mordekaiser N/A Screenshots [ ] King of Clubs Mordekaiser Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Metal Storm Total time with Darkness Rising (P) active Together Forever Champions killed inside the Death Realm during Realm of Death (R) You, In Particular Isolated champions hit by Obliterate (Q) Eternal Iron Champion damage mitigated with Indestructible (W) It's The Claw Multiple champions pulled with Death's Grasp (E) The Iron Revenant Damage to champions whilst empowered by a Stolen Spirit from Realm of Death (R) Trivia [ ] Original Mordekaiser Variations of the Season 2019 Split 2 emotes are given to players who play enough ranked to obtain 500 Split Points. This emote was the first appearance of the reworked Original Mordekaiser months before the champion's update reveal. His appearance was also revealed through a Season 2019 Split 2 summoner icon later on during the Public Beta Environment cycle. The cape he wears has a sigil on it with a design made of Ochnun symbols that translate to "Mordekaiser" . Mordekaiser created the symbol, a tower on a hill, on his cape during his second life, it represents his dreams, ambitions and destiny. [1] Original Mordekaiser The scene depicted has him using Mace of Spades , Harvester of Sorrow , and Siphon of Destruction all at once. Original Mordekaiser His very first splash art was directly tweaked for the first splash art of his Infernal and Dragon Knight skins. Infernal Mordekaiser This skin shares the Infernal theme with: Charred Maokai Firefang Warwick Infernal Akali Infernal Alistar Infernal Amumu ...and others Infernal Diana Infernal Shen Scorched Earth Renekton Scorched Earth Xerath Wildfire Zyra Dragon Knight Mordekaiser This skin shares the Dragon World theme with: Dragon Sorceress Zyra Dragon Trainer Lulu Dragonslayer Braum Dragonslayer Diana Dragonslayer Jarvan IV ...and others Dragonslayer Kayle Dragonslayer Twitch Dragonslayer Vayne Dragonslayer Xin Zhao Scarlet Hammer Poppy He is the primary Draconic Antagonist of the Dragon Slayers in the First Dragon wave. Lord Mordekaiser This skin shares the Rift Quest theme with: Bard Bard Braum Lionheart Demolisher Nunu & Willump Gragas Caskbreaker Lord Darius ...and others Rageborn Mundo Rugged Garen Ryze Whitebeard Sejuani Dawnchaser Twitch Shadowfoot Lord Mordekaiser He strongly resembles the figure in the old Warlord mastery. He used to have an upward spike on his belt (might have been referencing William Murderface from Metalocalypse ) but was promptly removed for suggestiveness. He resembles Sauron from The Lord of the Rings , Melkor from The Silmarillion , the titular character from Overlord , Araghast the Pillager a Chaos Lord from Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War II: Chaos Rising , and The Lich from Adventure Time . Pentakill Mordekaiser This skin shares the Pentakill theme with: Pentakill Karthus Pentakill Kayle Pentakill Olaf Pentakill Sona Pentakill Yorick Nightfall is replaced with Numero Uno (an indestructible guitar axe made of metal and made for metal) everytime he does his dance animation. The name 'Numero Uno' is a direct tribute and reference to the aforementioned "Mordekaiser es #1 huehuehue" meme. In his splash art, Mordekaiser can be seen wielding his guitar instead of his mace. He embarked on a metal-fueled journey to recruit Pentakill Karthus , Pentakill Yorick , Pentakill Sona , Pentakill Olaf , and their backup-singer Pentakill Kayle in order to form Pentakill so they can usher in a new era of metal. His updated appearance was based on his appearance in one of the Grasp of the Undying music videos; more specifically Mortal Reminder . His back tattoos showcase Kindred masks of Lamb and Wolf . King of Clubs Mordekaiser This skin shares the Highstakes theme with: Ace of Spades Ezreal Jack of Hearts Twisted Fate Queen of Diamonds Syndra Wild Card Shaco He was originally conceived as Dark Crusader Mordekaiser but was scrapped . He references the eponymous playing card . He resembles King Knight from Shovel Knight . King of Clubs Mordekaiser His throne used to be shorter and have Nightfall resting on its back (was later changed to a taller throne due to concerns it resembled a Christian Cross ). Dark Star Mordekaiser Chromas: Antimatter,  Emerald,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire This skin shares the Dark Star theme with: Dark Cosmic Jhin Dark Cosmic Lissandra Dark Cosmic Lux Dark Cosmic Erasure Jhin Dark Star Cho'Gath ...and others Dark Star Karma Dark Star Orianna Dark Star Shaco Dark Star Thresh Dark Star Xerath PROJECT: Mordekaiser Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Pearl,  Rainbow,  Reckoning,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the PROJECT theme with: Prestige PROJECT: Sylas Prestige PROJECT: Zed PROJECT: Akali PROJECT: Ekko PROJECT: Fiora ...and others PROJECT: Leona PROJECT: Renekton PROJECT: Sejuani PROJECT: Sylas PROJECT: Zed Although the skin is titled PROJECT, Mordekaiser is actually a Program . Various easter eggs can be found in his Realm of Death including: Evelynn's Touch Me emote. PROJECT: Jhin's profile icon. Helmet Bro's helmet. Teemo's Scout-Approved emote. Various trimmed splash arts  of previous PROJECT champions scattered around buildings featuring: PROJECT: Katarina PROJECT: Zed PROJECT: Fiora PROJECT: Lucian PROJECT: Jinx PROJECT: Vayne PROJECT: Jhin PROJECT: Yi His joke using holographic images of Noxious Trap alludes to the perception of player's distaste when against Teemo . His Obliterate 's VFX is slightly different based on how many targets he hits. Mordekaiser transforms when entering Realm of Death . If the target gets killed inside, the form will persist until the target respawns. Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Mordekaiser Chromas: Aquamarine,  Citrine,  Obsidian,  Peridot,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sandstone,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Pentakill III: The Lost Chapter theme with: Dissonance of Pentakill Viego Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Karthus Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Kayle Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Olaf Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Sona Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Yorick High Noon Mordekaiser Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Nomad,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the High Noon theme with: Bandito Fiddlesticks Cowgirl Miss Fortune High Noon Darius High Noon Hecarim High Noon Leona ...and others High Noon Senna High Noon Thresh Longhorn Alistar Sandscourge Skarner Sheriff Caitlyn Ashen Graveknight Mordekaiser Chromas: Emberwoken This skin shares the Ashen Knights theme with: Ashen Conqueror Pantheon Ashen Guardian Shen Ashen Knight Pyke Ashen Slayer Sylas Old God Mordekaiser Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Profane,  Ruby,  Sandstone This skin shares the Coven theme with: Coven Akali Coven Camille Coven Evelynn Coven LeBlanc Coven Zyra ...and others Old God Ivern Old God Warwick Prestige Coven Akali Prestige Coven LeBlanc Prestige Coven Zyra Coven Syndra can be seen in the splash art. His design was inspired of Phyrexian from Magic: The Gathering card game. His jaw looks similar to Hell Knight from DOOM Eternal videogame. References [ ] ↑ Kindlejack on Mordekaiser's Symbol