Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Morgana View in 3D 585 / 21-Feb-2009 Blade Mistress Morgana View in 3D 750 / 01-Dec-2010 Blackthorn Morgana View in 3D 1350 / 23-May-2012 Ghost Bride Morgana View in 3D 975 / 13-Jun-2013 Majestic Empress Morgana View in 3D 1350 / 26-Sep-2019 Coven Morgana View in 3D 1820 / 16-Apr-2020 Dawnbringer Morgana View in 3D 1350 / 23-Sep-2021 Star Nemesis Morgana View in 3D 1350 / 28-Jul-2022 Snow Moon Morgana View in 3D 1350 / 18-May-2023 Blackthorn Morgana Chromas Aquamarine Citrine Obsidian Pearl Tanzanite Coven Morgana Chromas Dark Ritual Obsidian Pearl Ruby Tanzanite Dawnbringer Morgana Chromas Amethyst Catseye Emerald Lifebringer Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Majestic Empress Morgana Chromas Catseye Heavenly Crane Meteorite Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Original Morgana Chromas Ebony Pale Toxic Snow Moon Morgana Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Turquoise Star Nemesis Morgana Chromas Amethyst Catseye Emerald Peridot Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Wicked Legacy Vault Exiled Morgana View in 3D 975 / 01-Jun-2010 Sinful Succulence Morgana View in 3D 975 / 02-Sep-2010 Lunar Wraith Morgana View in 3D 975 / 27-Jan-2016 Bewitching Morgana View in 3D 975 / 19-Oct-2016 Bewitching Morgana Chromas Citrine Meteorite Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Rare & Limited Victorious Morgana View in 3D Special / 11-Nov-2014 Prestige Bewitching Morgana View in 3D Special / 07-Oct-2021 Upcoming Porcelain Morgana View in 3D 1350 / N/A Porcelain Morgana Chromas Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Turquoise Screenshots [ ] Blackthorn Morgana Ghost Bride Morgana Classic Morgana (Visual Update) Lunar Wraith Morgana Classic Morgana (Full Relaunch) Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Binding Snipes Champions hit with Dark Binding (Q) at greater than 75% of max range Not in My House Crowd control effects prevented by Black Shield (E) Soulmates Multiple (2+) champion stuns with Soul Shackle (R) Scorching Earth Damage to champions with Tormented Shadow (W) The Soul Chain Champions chain-disabled with Dark Binding (Q) and Soul Shackles (R) (in any order) Vampy Healing from Soul Siphon (P) Trivia [ ] Original Morgana Chromas: Ebony,  Pale,  Toxic She shares her splash art with Kayle . Morgana, Fallen Angel Chromas: Ebony,  Pale,  Toxic Concept art of her shows that she was planned to wield a weapon described as an 'elecric whip with metal tips'. The textures for this weapon existed in the game, but were never used. Other concept art shows her wielding a flail. Exiled Morgana This skin shares the Woad theme with: Battleborn Kayle Woad Ashe Woad King Darius Woad Scout Quinn She shares her splash art with Battleborn Kayle . Her visual appearance resembles that of a Norse Valkyrie . Exiled Morgana This skin represented her right after being branded 'fallen'. She was conceived as 'Recently Fallen Morgana' by NA Summoner 'Pawige'. Sinful Succulence Morgana This skin shares the Culinary Masters theme with: Baker Pantheon Barbecue Leona Birdio Butcher Olaf Master Chef Tahm Kench Pizza Delivery Sivir Sashimi Akali This skin was featured in the Season 3 mastery Biscuiteer's icon. The idea behind the splash art is "when Morgana is baking cookies but they burn to ash and she remembers how her twin stole that darn baking competition trophy from her last year even though it belonged to her; she had spent hours making perfectly formed fondant frosting, and then the burnt cookies come to life and one of them runs away and it's just out of reach, if she could just grab it... That's when she would secretly feel all her rage and-- fly. And take a bite out of that cookie's face." [1] Sinful Succulence Morgana This skin used to represent Morgana when she ran her bakery in Noxus in the old lore. Blade Mistress Morgana This skin shares the Steel Valkyries theme with: Admiral Glasc Aether Wing Kayle Armored Titan Nasus Bullet Angel Kai'Sa Cyber Halo Janna Gun Goddess Miss Fortune Prestige Cyber Halo Janna Strike Commander Camille Strike Paladin Lucian She references Sarah Kerrigan from StarCraft . She shares similarity to Sombra from Overwatch . Blackthorn Morgana Chromas: Aquamarine,  Citrine,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Albion theme with: Nottingham Ezreal Sherwood Forest Ashe Viridian Kayle While not directly sharing a splash art with Viridian Kayle , their splash arts can join together to make one larger image. She might be referencing Morgan le Fay from the King Arthur mythos. Ghost Bride Morgana This skin shares the Fables theme with: Dark Valkyrie Diana Djinn Malzahar Loch Ness Cho'Gath Muse Sona Musketeer Twisted Fate ...and others Mythic Cassiopeia Royal Guard Fiora Sasquatch Nunu & Willump Siren Cassiopeia Valkyrie Leona She was released in celebration of the Latin American Server's launch. She references La Llorona . Victorious Morgana This skin shares the Victorious theme with: Victorious Aatrox Victorious Blitzcrank Victorious Graves Victorious Janna Victorious Jarvan IV ...and others Victorious Maokai Victorious Orianna Victorious Sejuani Victorious Sivir Victorious Tryndamere Stained glass windows of Victorious Elise and Victorious Janna can be seen in the background. She was unlocked by players who reached Gold+ in Season 4 (2014) . Variations of the Season 2019 Split 1 emotes are given to players who play enough ranked to obtain 500 Split Poins. This emote was the first appearance of the reworked Victorious Morgana months before the champion's update reveal. Lunar Wraith Morgana This skin shares the Lunar Revel theme with: Jade Dragon Wukong Lunar Emperor Thresh Lunar Empress Lux Lunar Goddess Diana Lunar Guardian Kha'Zix ...and others Lunar Guardian Nasus Lunar Guardian Warwick Lunar Wraith Caitlyn Lunar Wraith Sylas Radiant Wukong She was released in celebration of Lunar Revel 2016 (Year of the Monkey ) along with: Lunar Wraith Caitlyn Radiant Wukong This is the first time she has no actual wings. Bewitching Morgana Chromas: Citrine,  Meteorite,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Bewitching theme with: Bewitching Fiora Bewitching LeBlanc Bewitching Miss Fortune Bewitching Neeko Bewitching Nidalee ...and others Bewitching Poppy Bewitching Senna Bewitching Yuumi Prestige Bewitching Miss Fortune Prestige Bewitching Miss Fortune (2022) Little Devil Teemo's face can be seen through the smoke from the cauldron. She was released in celebration of Harrowing 2016 along with: Little Devil Teemo Bewitching Tristana She uses a Frog in one of her animations, along with Kai'Sa and Dark Star Thresh . Old Bewitching Morgana received the frog from Dark Star Thresh as can be seen here . Majestic Empress Morgana Chromas: Catseye,  Heavenly Crane,  Meteorite,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Immortal Journey theme with: Eternal Sword Yi God Staff Jax Immortal Journey Kayle Immortal Journey Shyvana Immortal Journey Zed ...and others Immortal Journey Zeri Prestige Valiant Sword Riven Prestige Valiant Sword Riven (2022) Soaring Sword Fiora Valiant Sword Riven A reflection of Enduring Sword Talon can be seen in the background of her splash art. In the original draft of the skin's bio, Majestic Empress Morgana was in love with Enduring Sword Talon but the part was cut due to the limit of words for skin bio. It is left unambiguous if this is still the case. Coven Morgana Chromas: Dark Ritual,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Ruby,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Coven theme with: Coven Akali Coven Camille Coven Evelynn Coven LeBlanc Coven Zyra ...and others Old God Ivern Old God Warwick Prestige Coven Akali Prestige Coven LeBlanc Prestige Coven Zyra During development, the Obsidian chroma was originally the base skin. The skin has a different lingerie with each chroma hidden beneath her dress. She transforms into an owl during the recall, spawn and joke animations. Her empowered form appears upon using taunt animations and Soul Shackles . Dawnbringer Morgana Chromas: Amethyst,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Lifebringer,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Nightbringer and Dawnbringer theme with: Dawnbringer Karma Dawnbringer Nidalee Dawnbringer Renekton Dawnbringer Vex Dawnbringer Yone ...and others Nightbringer Kayn Nightbringer Nasus Nightbringer Tryndamere Nightbringer Vladimir Prestige Nightbringer Kayn The sword of Nightbringer Yasuo can be seen during the recall. Prestige Bewitching Morgana This skin shares the Bewitching theme with: Bewitching Fiora Bewitching LeBlanc Bewitching Miss Fortune Bewitching Neeko Bewitching Nidalee ...and others Bewitching Poppy Bewitching Senna Bewitching Yuumi Prestige Bewitching Miss Fortune Prestige Bewitching Miss Fortune (2022) This is the first below-epic tier Prestige skin ever. Star Nemesis Morgana Chromas: Amethyst,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Peridot,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise,  Wicked This skin shares the Star Guardian Season 4 theme with: Prestige Star Guardian Ekko Redeemed Star Guardian Xayah Star Guardian Akali Star Guardian Ekko Star Guardian Kai'Sa ...and others Star Guardian Nilah Star Guardian Orianna Star Guardian Senna Star Guardian Taliyah Star Nemesis Fiddlesticks Rigel steals the gem of Star Guardian Akali , and brings it to Morgana for her to corrupt it during the recall. Each sweep of the dress has a unique light on the ground and trail of sparks. Tormented Shadow reflects both Morgana and enemies walking on the surface, and Dark Binding projectile flying over it. Her wings dissolve when she dies. Her dark form fully absorbs Morgana in her ultimate animation. Snow Moon Morgana Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Rainbow,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Snow Moon theme with: Snow Moon Ahri Snow Moon Caitlyn Snow Moon Illaoi Snow Moon Kayn Snow Moon Varus She is a priestess and chief exorcist of the Snow Moon. Porcelain Morgana Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Porcelain theme with: Porcelain Amumu Porcelain Darius Porcelain Darius Porcelain Graves Porcelain Kindred Porcelain Lissandra ...and others Porcelain Lux Porcelain Miss Fortune Prestige Porcelain Kindred Prestige Porcelain Lissandra Prestige Porcelain Lux She bound Porcelain Lissandra in her Snake Relic by sacrificing herself a millenia ago References [ ] ↑ Sinful Succulence Morgana skin pitch