For item groups, see this page . Contents 1 Shared effects 2 Isolated effects 2.1 Grouped isolated effects 3 Archive 4 References Named item effects function similarly to Unique effects, except that the effect is unique across all items which provide the named effect. Similar effects that do not share a name will stack, such as Quicksilver Sash and Mikael's Blessing . Some item effects are named but unique to an item. Shared effects [ ] Below is a list of all named effects and the items to which they belong, with each effect containing at least 2 items. For isolated effects, see further down . Name Effect Items Annul Grants the user a spell shield. Verdant Barrier Banshee's Veil Edge of Night Arcane Cache Stores Control Wards . Watchful Wardstone Vigilant Wardstone Awe Grants a stat based on mana. Archangel's Staff Seraph's Embrace Manamune Muramana Winter's Approach Fimbulwinter Cleave Basic attacks deal damage to enemies near the target. Tiamat Profane Hydra Ravenous Hydra Stridebreaker Dreamshatter Titanic Hydra Energized Gain stacks from moving and attacking, up to a maximum amount. At full stacks, the next basic attack consumes them all to grant it an additional effect on-hit. Kircheis Shard Rapid Firecannon Statikk Shiv Stormrazor Eye of the Storm Fleet Footwork * Eternity Restores mana based on damage taken and restores health based on mana spent. Catalyst of Aeons Rod of Ages Infinite Convergence Glory Gain stacks from kills and assists, up to a maximum amount. Lose some of these stacks upon death. Grants ability power per stack. Dark Seal Mejai's Soulstealer Grievous Wounds Damage against champions inflicts them with Grievous Wounds for a few seconds. Executioner's Calling Oblivion Orb Morellonomicon Mortal Reminder Immolate Deals damage to nearby enemies over time. Bami's Cinder Hollow Radiance Sunfire Aegis Legendary These items count as Legendary items. Guardian's Blade Guardian's Hammer Guardian's Horn Guardian's Orb Lifeline Grants a shield for a few seconds which mitigates damage that would reduce the user below a health threshold. Archangel's Staff Hexdrinker Immortal Shieldbow Maw of Malmortius Seraph's Embrace Sterak's Gage Manaflow Grants bonus mana from basic attacks on-hit and whenever affecting a unit (ally/enemy) with an ability, increased if it is a champion and up to a cap. Tear of the Goddess Archangel's Staff Manamune Winter's Approach Quest Generates charges every few seconds. While there is a allied champion nearby and while holding a charge, killing minions executes them and grants gold to a nearby allied champion, and damaging enemy champions or structures grants gold. Upgrades the item when having generated enough gold with that item. World Atlas Runic Compass Quicksilver Removes all crowd control debuffs (except Airborne ) from the user. Quicksilver Sash Mercurial Scimitar Rock Solid Reduces incoming damage from basic attacks, capped at a percentage of the total damage. Warden's Mail Frozen Heart Randuin's Omen Spellblade After casting an ability, the next basic attack within a period of time deals bonus damage on-hit. Sheen Bloodsong Essence Reaver Iceborn Gauntlet Frozen Fist Lich Bane Trinity Force Infinity Force Thorns Deals damage to enemies that basic attack the user on-hit and inflicts them with Grievous Wounds for a few seconds if they are a champion. Bramble Vest Thornmail Time Stop Puts the user into stasis for a few seconds, granting them untargetability and invulnerability but also rendering them unable to perform any actions. Seeker's Armguard Zhonya's Hourglass Ward Grants a number of charges that are refreshed whenever returning to the spawn. Charges can be consumed to place wards. Runic Compass Bounty of Worlds Bloodsong Celestial Opposition Dream Maker Solstice Sleigh Zaz'Zak's Realmspike Isolated effects [ ] Below is a list of all named effects and the items to which they belong, with each effect containing only one item. A Legendary item and its corresponding Masterwork item only count as one item. For shared effects, see further up . Name Effect Item Anguish Every few seconds in combat with champions, deal damage to enemy champions nearby and heal yourself for a percentage of the damage dealt. Unending Despair Hope Adrift Behold Increases the cap for common ward types. Vigilant Wardstone Bitter Cold Briefly slows enemies at low health damaged by abilities. Serylda's Grudge Blackout Disables nearby wards and reveals wards and traps. Umbral Glaive Blessing of the Mountain Reduces incoming damage for a short duration upon taking damage, afterwards unleash a shockwave that slows nearby enemies. Celestial Opposition Boarding Party While no allied champions are nearby, nearby allied large minions gain bonus resistances and increased size. Hullbreaker Bolt Grants bonus movement speed on and adds bonus damage on-hit to the next Energized attack. Stormrazor Eye of the Storm Boundless Vitality Increases the effectiveness of healing, shielding, and health regeneration. Spirit Visage Bring It Down Basic attacks grant a stack for a few seconds, up to a maximum amount. At full stacks, the next basic attack consumes them to deal bonus damage on-hit. Kraken Slayer Wyrmfallen Sacrifice Carve Dealing damage to an enemy champion reduces their armor for a few seconds, stacking up to a maximum amount. Black Cleaver Obsidian Cleaver Cinderbloom Magic and true damage critically strikes low-health enemies, dealing increased damage. Shadowflame Clawing Shadows Your next basic attack against an enemy champion slows them for a few seconds. Blade of the Ruined King Colossal Consumption Generates a stack over time on each nearby enemy champion, up to a maximum amount. Basic attacks against targets with full stacks consumes them to deal bonus damage and grant the user permanent bonus health. Heartsteel Leviathan Coordinated Fire Slowing or immobilizing abilities against champions apply a mark for a few seconds. Allied champion damage against the mark consume it to deal bonus damage and grant the user and the ally bonus movement speed for a few seconds. Imperial Mandate Crescent Deals damage in a radius centered around you. Tiamat Critical Resilience Reduces incoming critical strike damage. Randuin's Omen Death Damage dealt that would leave an enemy champion below a health threshold causes the target to be executed. The Collector Desolate Killing an enemy unit deals bonus damage near them. Hollow Radiance Devotion Grants the user and nearby allies a shield for a few seconds. Locket of the Iron Solari Reliquary of the Golden Dawn Do Something Grants the On Fire! buff. The Golden Spatula Dragonforce Gain basic ability haste. Spear of Shojin Shojin's Resolve Dream Maker Every few seconds gains blue and purple bubbles. Upon healing or shielding an allied champion, blow both bubbles to empower them, reducing the next instance of damage they take and increasing their next instance of damage. Dream Maker Electroshock Adds bonus damage on-hit that also chains to nearby enemies on the next Energized attack. Statikk Shiv Enduring Focus Grants health regeneration for a period of time after taking damage from a champion or large monster. Basic attacks deal bonus damage to minions. Doran's Shield Engorge Grants bonus attack damage while above a health threshold. Bloodthirster Enlighten Restores a percentage of mana over a few seconds after leveling up. Lost Chapter Ever Rising Moon Deals bonus damage to an enemy champion hit by two separate attacks or abilities. Grants a shield for a few seconds from triggering this effect. Eclipse Syzygy Everlasting Applying certain crowd control effects to an enemy champion grants a shield for a few seconds. Fimbulwinter Extraction Scoring a champion takedown grants a burst of movement speed for a few seconds. Opportunity Certainty Fervor Dealing damage grants bonus movement speed for a few seconds. Black Cleaver Obsidian Cleaver Firmament Adds bonus damage on-hit and a slow to the next Energized attack. Voltaic Cyclosword Swordnado First Light Gain heal and shield power and ability power based on your amount of base mana regeneration. Dawncore Daybreak Flux Champion takedowns reduce the user's ultimate cooldown by a percentage. Axiom Arc Focused Will Gain a stack for each instance of ability damage dealt for a few seconds, up to a cap. For each stack, your abilities deal increased damage. Spear of Shojin Shojin's Resolve Fray Basic attacks deal bonus damage on-hit. Wit's End Frostfire Tempest Upon casting your ultimate ability, you summon a storm of flame and ice around you for a few seconds, dealing damage periodically and slowing enemies within the area. Zeke's Convergence Galvanize Gain stacks from moving and attacking, up to a maximum amount. At full stacks, the next basic attack consumes them all to grant it an additional effect on-hit. Dashing or moving while in stealth grants more stacks. Voltaic Cyclosword Swordnado Giant Slayer Increases damage dealt to enemy champions based on how much more maximum health they have than the user. Lord Dominik's Regards Going Sledding Slowing or immobilizing an enemy champion causes you and the nearest and most wounded allied champion to heal and gain bonus movement speed for a few seconds. Solstice Sleigh Goliath Gain increased size based on maximum health. Heartsteel Leviathan Gouge Grant lethality. Serrated Dirk Breaking Shockwave Slow enemies in a radius centered around you for a few seconds. For each champion slowed, gain bonus movement speed for a few seconds. Stridebreaker Dreamshatter Hackshorn Damage against champions inflicts them with Grievous Wounds for a few seconds. Chempunk Chainsword Hatefog Damaging an enemy with your ultimate ability creates a scorched zone beneath them for a few seconds, dealing damage over time to enemies inside and reducing their magic resistance. Malignance Enmity of the Masses Haunt Gain bonus movement speed while out-of-combat. Youmuu's Ghostblade Youmuu's Wake Heretical Cleave Deals damage to enemies in a radius, increased against low-health enemies. Profane Hydra Hexcharged Gain ultimate haste. Experimental Hexplate T.U.R.B.O. Humility Slows nearby enemies for a few seconds. Randuin's Omen Icathian Bite Basic attacks deal bonus damage on-hit. Nashor's Tooth The Baron's Gift Impermanence Increases the damage dealt by abilities based on critical strike chance. Navori Quickblades Flicker Incorporeal Grants health regeneration for a period of time after taking damage. Spectre's Cowl Inspiring Speech Grants the user and nearby allies bonus movement speed for a few seconds. Shurelya's Battlesong Shurelya's Requiem Intervention After a few seconds, heals allies in a zone and damage enemy champions within. Redemption Jolt Adds bonus damage on-hit to the next Energized attack. Kircheis Shard Juxtaposition Basic attacks against champions alternate between Light and Dark hits, each one granting a bonus for a few seconds that stacks up to a cap. Light hits grants bonus resistances, while Dark hits grant armor penetration and magic penetration. Terminus Lead the Way While moving generate stacks, granting bonus movement speed. At maximum stacks, leave behind a path that briefly that grants bonus movement speed to allied champions within, and your next basic attack discharges all stacks to slow the target for a few seconds. Trailblazer Life from Death Scoring a takedown against an enemy champion summons a nova at their, healing allied champions withhin the area. Cryptbloom Lightshield Strike Your next basic attack against an enemy champion deals bonus damage and heals you. Excess healing is converted to bonus health for a few seconds. Sundered Sky Heavensfall Madness Gain increased damage the longer you stay in combat, up to a cap. Haunting Guise Magebane After not taking magic damage for a few seconds, gain a magic damage shield. Kaenic Rookern Magical Opus Increases ability power by a percentage. Rabadon's Deathcap Rabadon's Deathcrown Mist's Edge Basic attacks deals bonus damage on-hit based on the target's current health. Blade of the Ruined King Overdrive Upon casting your ultimate ability, gain bonus attack speed and movement speed for a few seconds. Experimental Hexplate T.U.R.B.O. Peck Basic attacks deal bonus damage on-hit. Runaan's Hurricane Precision Basic attacks deals bonus damage on-hit against minions and monsters. Noonquiver Preparation After being ou-of-combat with enemy champions for a few seconds, gain lethality. This bonus remains for a few seconds after dealing damage to enemy champions. Opportunity Certainty Purify Removes most crowd control effects from the user or the target allied champion and heals them. Mikael's Blessing Quicken Basic attacks grants bonus movement speed for a few seconds. Trinity Force Infinity Force Radiance Gain summoner spell haste. Dawncore Daybreak Rage Basic attacks grants bonus movement speed for a few seconds. Phage Rancor Gain percent armor penetration based on lethality. Serylda's Grudge Rapids Heals and shields granted to allies causes both the user and them to gain ability power and bonus movement speed for a few seconds. Staff of Flowing Water Ravenous Crescent Deals damage to enemies in a radius in front of you. Ravenous Hydra Reap Killing minions grants additional gold, up to a cap. After reaching the cap, disables the effect to grant gold. Cull Rebirth Revives the user when they take lethal damage. Guardian Angel Recovery Restores mana each second. Manaless champions instead heal. Guardian's Orb Restoration Restores mana each second. If you cannot gain mana, instead heal. Basic attacks deal bonus damage against minions. Doran's Ring Revved Damaging an enemy champion deals bonus damage. Hextech Alternator Rimefrost Briefly slows enemies damaged by abilities. Rylai's Crystal Scepter Sanctify Heals and shields granted to allies causes both the user and them to gain bonus attack speed and bonus damage on-hit for a few seconds. Ardent Censer Scorn Gain ultimate haste. Malignance Enmity of the Masses Seething Strike Basic attacks grant stacking attack speed, up to a maximum amount. At maximum stacks, every few basic attacks apply on-hit effects twice. Guinsoo's Rageblade Seething Sorrow Shadow Basic attacks deal bonus damage on-hit. Terminus Sharpshooter Adds bonus attack range and bonus damage on-hit to the next Energized attack. Rapid Firecannon Shield Reaver Dealing damage to an enemy champion reduces the strength of their shields for a few seconds. Serpent's Fang Shipwrecker Generates stacks from moving, up to a maximum amount. Each stack grants bonus movement speed. Basic attacks consume all stacks to deal bonus damage hit based on the consumed amount. At full stacks, the attack additionally slows the target. Dead Man's Plate Shock Damaging basic attacks on-hit and abilities against champions deal bonus damage. Muramana Skipper Basic attacks grant a stack for a few seconds, up to a cap. At maximum stacks, the next basic attack consumes all stacks to deal bonus damage, increased against structures. Hullbreaker Slightly Quicker Grants bonus movement speed. Slightly Magical Boots Soul Siphon Damaging a champion grants stacks. Heals or shields on allied champions consume stacks to heal the ally and deal damage to a nearby enemy champion. Echoes of Helia Cry of the Shrieking City Spectral Waltz Basic attacks grant a stack for a few seconds, up to a maximum amount. For each stack, gain bonus attack speed and the ability to ignore unit collision. Phantom Dancer Spelldance Dealing ability damage to an enemy champion grants bonus movement speed for a few seconds. Cosmic Drive Starlit Grace Heals or shields on allied champions spreads a portion of that effect to another allied champion nearby. Moonstone Renewer Starcaster Steadfast Taking magic damage from champions grants a stack for a few seconds, up to a cap. Becoming immobilized grants more stacks. At maximum stacks, gain bonus magic resistance and bonus movement speed. Force of Nature Sting Basic attacks deal bonus damage on-hit. Recurve Bow Suffering Gain increased damage the longer you stay in combat, up to a cap. Liandry's Torment Liandry's Lament Supersonic Causes the user to dash and fire missiles that deal damage to enemies hit. Hextech Rocketbelt Upgraded Aeropack Taxes Champion kills grant additional gold. The Collector Temper Dealing damage grants bonus movement speed for a few seconds. Stridebreaker Dreamshatter The Claws that Catch Grants bonus attack damage based on base attack damage. Sterak's Gage Timeless Gain bonus health, mana and ability power every few seconds, up to a cap. At maximum stacks gain a level and increases all effects of Eternity . Rod of Ages Infinite Convergence Titanic Crescent Your next basic attack empoweres Cleave to deal bonus damage to the target and secondary targets. Titanic Hydra Torment Deals bonus damage over a few seconds to enemies damaged by abilities. Liandry's Torment Liandry's Lament Transcendence Basic attacks reduce the remaining cooldowns of basic abilities by a percentage. Navori Quickblades Flicker Undaunted Reduces incoming champion damage. Guardian's Horn Unmake Reduces the magic resistance of nearby enemy champions and grants magic resistance for each afflicted enemy. Abyssal Mask Unsinkable Gain slow resist. Dead Man's Plate Upgrade Can freely upgrade this item in the HUD or in the shop. Bounty of Worlds Voidborn Resilience Each second in combat with champions grants a stack, stacking up to a maximum amount. At full stacks, increases the user's resistances until the end of combat. Jak'Sho, The Protean The Unspoken Parasite Void Corruption Gain increased damage for each second in combat with champions, stacking up to a maximum amount. At full stacks, gain omnivamp. Riftmaker Icathia's Curse Void Explosion Dealing ability damage to an enemy champion creates an explosion at their location that deals damage to nearby enemies. Zaz'Zak's Realmspike Void Infusion Gain ability power based on bonus health. Riftmaker Icathia's Curse Warmog's Heart This passive only activates after reaching an amount of bonus health. Grants health regeneration and movement speed after not taking damage for a period of time. Warmog's Armor Wind's Fury Causes basic attacks to fire bolts at up to two enemies near the target, each dealing damage and being treated as basic attacks. Runaan's Hurricane Winter's Caress Reduces the attack speed of nearby enemies. Frozen Heart Wraith Step Grants bonus movement speed and the ability to ignore unit collision for a few seconds. Youmuu's Ghostblade Youmuu's Wake Wrath Grants bonus on-hit damage. Guinsoo's Rageblade Seething Sorrow Grouped isolated effects [ ] The following effects interact with each other. Group Name Effect Items Ego / Eminence Ego Scoring a champion takedown summons of statue of yourself. For each takedown scored, gain a rank that upgrades your statue. Hubris Ataraxia Eminence Scoring a champion takedown grants bonus attack damage based on your statue rank for a few seconds. Hypershot / Focus Hypershot Damaging an enemy champion with an ability from far enough away increases damage dealt against them and reveals them for a few seconds. Horizon Focus Focus Upon triggering Hypershot, grant sight of the area around the target and reveal enemy champions within for a few seconds. Ignore Pain / Defy Ignore Pain Stores a percentage of damage taken which is instead dealt over the next few seconds. Death's Dance Defy Having dealt damage to an enemy champion that died within the next few seconds removes the remaining stored damage and grants a heal over a few seconds. Load / Fire Load Gain a Shot Charge stack every few seconds, up to a cap. Luden's Companion Force of Arms Fire Damaging an enemy with an ability consumes all Shot Charges to deal bonus damage to them and an additional nearby enemy for each charge consumed. Pledge / Sacrifice Pledge Designates an allied champion as the user's partner. Knight's Vow Sacrifice While the partner is nearby, redirects a percentage of damage they take to the user and heals the user for a percentage of the damage their partner deals to enemy champions. Stormrider / Squall Stormrider Dealing a percentage of an enemy champion's health inflicts them with Squall and grants bonus movement speed for a few seconds. Stormsurge Squall After a few seconds of having applied Squall, deals damage to them. If the target dies before being struck, they emit an electric field instantly that shocks all enemy champions near them, dealing the same damage and granting bonus gold. Vow / Vendetta / Vengeance Vow Designates an enemy champion as the user's nemesis and grants a stack every few seconds, up to a maximum amount. Anathema's Chains Vendetta Gain damage reduction against the nemesis per stack. Vengeance At full stacks, the nemesis has reduced tenacity while near the user. Archive [ ] Archive (Removed named effects) References [ ]