Before preseason 11 Old Shared effects [ ] Below is a list of all named effects and the items to which they belong (before patch V10.23 ), with each effect containing at least 2 items. For isolated effects, see further down . Name Effect Items Awe Grants bonus stat based on your maximum mana , while also refunding a part of your mana spent. Tear of the Goddess Archangel's Staff Seraph's Embrace Manamune Muramana Cold Steel Causes basic attacks against you to cripple the enemy champion. Warden's Mail Randuin's Omen Thornmail Dissolve Grants magic penetration. Guinsoo's Rageblade Void Staff Echo Causes you to gain charges upon moving or casting. At maximum charges, the next instance of ability damage you deal will expend all charges to deal additional damage to the first enemy hit and to 3 nearby enemies. Luden's Echo Runic Echoes Energized Causes you to gain Energize stacks from movement and basic attacks. At full Energize stacks, your next basic attack deals bonus magic damage and possibly has other effects. The damage and effects from Energized stack from multiple items. The Energized attack can trigger against structures. Kircheis Shard Rapid Firecannon Statikk Shiv Stormrazor Fleet Footwork * Enhanced Movement Grants bonus movement speed. Note: this named passive effect is redundant, as only one boots item can be owned. Boots of Speed Berserker's Greaves Boots of Mobility Boots of Swiftness Ionian Boots of Lucidity Mercury's Treads Ninja Tabi Slightly Magical Boots Sorcerer's Shoes Eternity Transforms a portion of damage taken from champions into mana. Also transforms a portion of mana spent into health, up to an amount per cast. Catalyst of Aeons Rod of Ages Abyssal Mask Infernal Mask Executioner Inflicts Grievous Wounds on enemy champions upon dealing physical damage. Executioner's Calling Mortal Reminder Haste Grants additional cooldown reduction. Archangel's Staff Seraph's Embrace Hextech GLP-800 Lost Chapter Luden's Echo Immolate Deals damage to surrounding enemies every second. Also once every few seconds, the next immobilizing ability unleashes a fire nova that deals additional damage to the immobilized target and around the wielder. Bami's Cinder Cinderhulk Sunfire Cape Forgefire Cape Last Whisper Grants armor penetration. Guinsoo's Rageblade Last Whisper Lord Dominik's Regards Mortal Reminder Lifeline Grants a shield upon taking damage that would decrease you below a threshold. Hexdrinker Maw of Malmortius Phantom Dancer Sterak's Gage Madness Grants increased damage when in-combat with enemy champions. Haunting Guise Liandry's Torment Mana Charge Increases maximum mana on mana mana expenditure or basic attack, upon spending mana, up to a cap. Tear of the Goddess Archangel's Staff Manamune Monster Hunter Grants bonus experience when killing jungle monsters. Hunter's Talisman Hunter's Machete Skirmisher's Sabre Stalker's Blade Quests Upgrades the item when having generated enough gold with that item. Relic Shield Targon's Buckler Steel Shoulderguards Runesteel Spaulders Spellthief's Edge Frostfang Spectral Sickle Harrowing Crescent Quicksilver Removes all crowd control. Quicksilver Sash Mercurial Scimitar Rage Causes basic attacks to grant bonus movement speed for a few seconds on-hit. Killing any unit grants more bonus movement speed for a few seconds. Phage Black Cleaver Obsidian Cleaver Trinity Force Trinity Fusion Spellblade Causes your next basic attack or on-hit effect to deal bonus damage after using an ability. Notes: In the event you own multiple spellblade items, only one attack bonus applies, to which the order of priority is: Lich Bane , Trinity Force , Iceborn Gauntlet , and Sheen . The area of effect slow is not considered part of the " Spellblade " effect, and is instead classified as Icy . If you own both Iceborn Gauntlet and a higher priority Spellblade item (i.e. Lich Bane and Trinity Force ), you will trigger the higher priority's damage component while still triggering the area of effect slow. For the removed item, see Moonflair Spellblade . For the removed mastery , see Spellsword . Sheen Iceborn Gauntlet Lich Bane Trinity Force Trinity Fusion Spell Shield Grants a spell shield . Banshee's Veil Edge of Night Spoils of War Basic attacks execute minions below a certain amount of health. Killing a minion by any means grants a nearby allied champion kill gold . These effects require a nearby allied champion and consume a charge. Relic Shield Targon's Buckler Steel Shoulderguards Runesteel Spaulders Stasis Puts your champion into stasis , making yourself invulnerable and untargetable, but also renders you unable to perform any actions for a few seconds. Stopwatch Zhonya's Hourglass Zhonya's Paradox Thorns Returns damage to enemies who basic attack their owner. Bramble Vest Thornmail Touch of Death Grants magic penetration. Morellonomicon Oblivion Orb Tribute Grants gold when damaging an enemy champion or structure. Spellthief's Edge Frostfang Spectral Sickle Harrowing Crescent Warding Grants a number of charges, which are refreshed by upon returning to the fountain. You can consume a charge to place a Stealth Ward at the target location. Targon's Buckler Bulwark of the Mountain Runesteel Spaulders Pauldrons of Whiterock Frostfang Shard of True Ice Harrowing Crescent Black Mist Scythe Grouped shared effects [ ] Group Name Effect Items Cleave / Crescent Cleave Causes the champion's basic attacks to deal physical splash damage to units around the target. Tiamat Ravenous Hydra Titanic Hydra Crescent Causes the champion to either deal physical damage in an area around them, or enhance the effects of Cleave . Tiamat Ravenous Hydra Titanic Hydra Dissonance / Harmony Dissonance Grants ability power for every base mana regeneration , while also disabling Harmony on other items wielded. Athene's Unholy Grail Harmony Grants base health regeneration for every additional base mana regeneration . The effect itself doesn't multiply when having both Chalice of Harmony and Mikael's Crucible but it takes into account the additional base mana regeneration provided by both items and acquires total respective amount of additional base health regeneration . Chalice of Harmony Mikael's Crucible Do or Die / Dread Do or Die Grants Glory for champion kills and assists and reduces Glory upon death. Dark Seal Mejai's Soulstealer Dread Glory is utilized by Dread to gain ability power and possibly bonus movement speed. Dark Seal Mejai's Soulstealer Hextech Fire Bolt Grants a variety of active and passive effect, and even though they have different names, they share the same cooldown. Hextech Protobelt-01 Frost Bolt Hextech GLP-800 Lightning Bolt Hextech Gunblade Magic Bolt Hextech Revolver Huntsman / Recoup / Sear Huntsman Killing large monsters grants bonus experience. Obsidian Edge Recoup Regenerates mana based on missing mana while in the jungle or river. Sear Damaging monsters burns them, dealing damage over time. Progress / Glorious Evolution Progress Allows Viktor to upgrade one of his abilities. Prototype Hex Core Hex Core mk-1 Hex Core mk-2 Perfect Hex Core Glorious Evolution Automatically upgrades Viktor's Chaos Storm . Perfect Hex Core Tooth and Nail Tooth Deals bonus magic damage over time and restores health against monsters, and restores mana while in the jungle or river. Hunter's Talisman Nail Grants bonus damage on-hit against monsters. Hunter's Machete Tooth and Nail Grants bonus on-hit damage, deals bonus magic damage over time, restores health against monsters, restores mana while in the jungle or river. Skirmisher's Sabre Stalker's Blade Isolated effects [ ] Below is a list of all named effects and the items to which they belong (before V10.23 ), with each effect containing only one item. For shared effects, see further up . Name Effect Item At Wit's End Grants bonus on-hit damage and healing. Wit's End Auto Path Using Attack-Smite multiple times consumes the item, increasing Attack-Smite's damage and granting all item effects permanently. Obsidian Edge Blackout Reveals nearby wards and traps. Umbral Glaive Bloodlust Restores health when dealing physical damage. Elixir of Wrath Blood Pursuit Grants bonus stats while near one or fewer visible enemy champions. Sanguine Blade Challenging Smite Grants Challenging Smite . Skirmisher's Sabre Chilling Smite Grants Chilling Smite . Stalker's Blade Conduit Binds to an ally without an existing Conduit. Zeke's Convergence Crushing Blow Applies bonus on-hit damage. Dead Man's Plate Cursed Strike Applies Grievous Wounds upon dealing magic damage. Morellonomicon Dreadnought Charges bonus movement speed when moving. Dead Man's Plate Empyrean Heals for a percentage of mana spent. Seraph's Embrace Electroshock Adds bonus magic damage on-hit to the next Energized attack, and the attack bounces the several other targets. Statikk Shiv Frostfire Covenant Makes basic attacks against a burning enemy ignite your frost storm to deal bonus magic damage per second and slow for 3 seconds. Zeke's Convergence Giant Strength Grants bonus attack damage. Sterak's Gage Ichorshield While at full health, grants a shield equal to the healing from life steal, up to a cap. Bloodthirster Icy Basic attacks slow the target's movement speed. Frozen Mallet Icy Zone Triggering Spellblade deals damage to enemies surrounding the target and creates a icy zone which slows enemies within. Iceborn Gauntlet Jolt Adds bonus magic damage on-hit to the next Energized attack. Kircheis Shard Lifegrip Grants bonus stats until out-of-combat. Maw of Malmortius Mana Shield Drains mana to gain a shield for a few seconds. Seraph's Embrace Metallicize Increases health for a few seconds, with an increased amount while Stone Skin is active. Gargoyle Stoneplate Nightstalker Grants bonus on-hit damage after not being seen by champions. Duskblade of Draktharr Paralyze Adds a slow and bonus magic damage on-hit to the next Energized attack. Stormrazor Path of Iron Leaves a trail that grants allies bonus movement speed. Elixir of Iron Perfection Increases critical strike damage while having at least a certain amount of critical strike chance. Infinity Edge Sandswipe Causes the user to dash to an enemy champion to deal them damage and gain increased damage against them for a few seconds. Prowler's Claw Sharpshooter Adds bonus attack range and bonus magic damage on-hit to the next Energized attack. Rapid Firecannon Shock Causes your single target abilities and basic attacks on champions (on-hit) to consume mana to deal bonus physical damage. Muramana Slow Resist Causes all slows on the champion to be reduced in effectiveness. Main article: Slow resist . Boots of Swiftness Sorcery Deals bonus true damage to enemy champions and turret. Elixir of Sorcery Spectral Pursuit Summons ghosts that slows enemy champions. Twin Shadows Spectral Waltz Grants bonus movement speed and ghosting when hitting an enemy champion. Phantom Dancer Sterak's Fury Grants increased size and bonus tenacity for a few seconds. Sterak's Gage Stone Skin Grants additional resistances while near multiple enemy champions. Gargoyle Stoneplate Tenacity Reduces the duration of all crowd control effects (except suppression , stasis , nearsight , displacements , and drowsy ). Main article: Tenacity . Mercury's Treads Torment Deals bonus damage over time when hitting a unit with magic damage. Liandry's Torment Warmog's Heart Restores health each second if the champion hasn't taken damage for a duration. Warmog's Armor Wind's Fury Causes basic attacks to fire bolts at up to 2 enemies near the target, each dealing physical damage. Runaan's Hurricane Zealous Grants bonus movement speed. Zeal "You belong in a museum!" This article or section may contain obsolete information, but exists here for historical purposes. Removed named item effects [ ] Aid/Eleisa's Blessing [ ] Aid reduces the cooldowns of your Heal , Clairvoyance and Clarity summoner spells by 30%. Eleisa's Blessing permanently grants the user the effects of Eleisa's Miracle (including Aid) if you gain three levels while in possession of the item, and consumes the item. The following items grant Aid and Eleisa's Blessing : Eleisa's Miracle The fact the effects are named is because Eleisa's Blessing consumes the item, and thus a global unique needed to prevent players from purchasing the item again. Awakened Dragon [ ] Awakened Dragon grants bonus attack speed and reduces basic abilities cooldown when basic attacking. The following items grant Awakened Dragon : Spear of Shojin Bounty Hunter [ ] Champion kills, assists and epic monsters ( Dragon and Baron Nashor in Summoner's Rift ) grant 40 bonus gold. Large monsters ( Ancient Golem , Giant Wolf , Lizard Elder , Wraith , Big Golem , and Wight ) grant 10 bonus gold. The Following items grant Bounty Hunter: ​ Spirit of the Spectral Wraith ​ Spirit of the Elder Lizard Butcher [ ] Butcher increases the damage a champion deals to monsters (does not increase damage to minions ) by a percentage (excluding true damage ). The following items grant Butcher: Spirit Stone - 20% increased damage Spirit of the Elder Lizard - 20% increased damage Spirit of the Spectral Wraith - 30% increased damage Conservation [ ] You generate Conservation stacks every 1. 5 seconds, up to 80. Killing a large monster will consume up to 40 stacks and grant 1 bonus gold per stack consumed. Large monsters include: The biggest monster in each jungle camp: Ancient Golem , Giant Wolf , Lizard Elder , Wraith , Big Golem , and Wight . Epic monsters : Dragon , Baron Nashor , Vilemaw . The following items grant Conservation: ​ Spirit of the Spectral Wraith ​ Spirit of the Elder Lizard Spirit of the Ancient Golem Incinerate [ ] Incinerate causes the user's physical damage to deal 16-50 (based on level) true damage over 3 seconds. The following item grants Incinerate Spirit of the Elder Lizard . Legion [ ] Legion is an aura that grants nearby allied minions and champions magic resistance in a 1100 range. The following items grant Legion : Aegis of the Legion – 10 Locket of the Iron Solari – 15 Banner of Command – 15 Lucky Shadow [ ] Lucky Shadow grants the user 5 gold per 10 seconds. The following items grant Lucky Shadow: Kage's Lucky Pick Shard of True Ice The effect could have been named to emphasize the fact it would stack with Avarice Blade's Avarice and Philosopher's Stone's Transmute , as there was some confusion in Season Two about whether or not the gold per 10 passives stacked. Maim [ ] Maim adds bonus magic damage to your basic attacks on monsters (does not increase damage to minions ) and restores 5-10 health. The following items grant Maim: Madred's Razors - 50 bonus magic damage; restores 8 health Wriggle's Lantern & Grez's Spectral Lantern - 75 bonus magic damage; restores 10 health Feral Flare - 25 (+1 per Feral Stack) bonus magic damage against champions ; restores 10 health You gain 1 Feral Stack for every champion kill, assist, and large monster kill Unlike the other items, Feral Flare's Maim applies to all auto attacks. Against minions and monsters, the magic damage is increased to 75 (+3 per Feral Stack) and the heal is unaffected Mana Warp [ ] Mana Warp grants the user an aura that grants 5 mana regeneration to nearby allied champions, including the user. The following items grant Mana Warp: Mana Manipulator Shard of True Ice Prospector [ ] Prospector grants 150 additional health. The following items grant Prospector : Prospector's Blade Prospector's Ring Notably, this effect is exclusive to Dominion -only items. Sapping Barbs [ ] Sapping Barbs causes you to gain Health regeneration and Mana regeneration for 5 seconds whenever you take damage from a monster. Additionally, monsters who attack you bleed for 5% of their maximum health over 3 seconds (up to a cap). Sapping Barbs cannot deal lethal damage. The following items grant Sapping Barbs: Quill Coat Spirit of the Ancient Golem Valor [ ] Valor is an aura that grants nearby allied minions and pets increased damage The following items grant Valor: Banner of Command - nearby allied minions and pets deal 15% increased damage