Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Nami View in 3D 880 / 07-Dec-2012 Koi Nami View in 3D 975 / 07-Dec-2012 River Spirit Nami View in 3D 975 / 01-Jun-2014 Urf the Nami-tee View in 3D 750 / 31-Mar-2015 Deep Sea Nami View in 3D 1350 / 29-Jun-2016 Program Nami View in 3D 1350 / 15-Nov-2018 Splendid Staff Nami View in 3D 1350 / 26-Sep-2019 Cosmic Destiny Nami View in 3D 1350 / 24-Nov-2020 Space Groove Nami View in 3D 1350 / 17-Nov-2022 Coven Nami View in 3D 1820 / 11-Oct-2023 Cosmic Destiny Nami Chromas Amethyst Emerald Obsidian Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Turquoise Coven Nami Chromas Catseye Emerald Pearl Profane Ruby Sapphire Koi Nami Chromas Smoke Sunbeam Twilight Program Nami Chromas Amethyst Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Space Groove Nami Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Splendid Staff Nami Chromas Aquamarine Citrine Heavenly Crane Pearl Peridot Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Legacy Vault SKT T1 Nami View in 3D 1350 / 27-Jun-2017 Bewitching Nami View in 3D 1350 / 07-Oct-2021 Bewitching Nami Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Rare & Limited Prestige Space Groove Nami View in 3D Special / 17-Nov-2022 Screenshots [ ] Classic Nami Koi Nami River Spirit Nami Urf the Nami-tee Koi Nami Element (Chroma Pack) Program Nami Classic Nami (Visual VFX Update) Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Blowing Bubbles Champions stunned with Aqua Prison (Q) Ride the Wave Multiple (3+) champion knock-ups up by Tidal Wave (R) Tidal Damage Damage dealt by Tidecaller's Blessing (E) Motion Of The Ocean Duration of Move Speed bonus granted by Surging Tides (P) in champion combat Riptide Wrangler Takedowns on champions within 6s of being Slowed with Tidecaller's Blessing (E) Triple Dip Times Ebb and Flow (W) affected 3 champions Trivia [ ] Original Nami Her eyes are orange-yellow but pinkish-red in-game. Her helmet is black but purple in-game. Koi Nami Chromas: Smoke,  Sunbeam,  Twilight This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali She references the the brocaded Japanese carp , 錦鯉 nishikigoi ; in contrast to any carp, simply koi . The sharks from her joke are replaced by these. Her animations imitates them (except Aqua Prison's ) Coincidentally, koi is also the kun-yomi reading of 恋 "love". However, in Old Japanese, the two words were pronounced differently: 鯉 [kʷopʲi] with front /i/ ; & 恋 [kʷopʷɨ] with central /ɨ/ . River Spirit Nami This skin shares the Fables theme with: Dark Valkyrie Diana Djinn Malzahar Loch Ness Cho'Gath Muse Sona Musketeer Twisted Fate ...and others Mythic Cassiopeia Royal Guard Fiora Sasquatch Nunu & Willump Siren Cassiopeia Valkyrie Leona She references well-known water spirits in world's mythology, like Greek Nymph , Germanic Nikwiz , Slavonic Rusalka , Brazilian Iara's myth , etc. In Brazilian localization, she is called Nami Iara . When recalling , she will sing a portion of her login screen. Urf the Nami-tee This skin shares the Urf the Manatee theme with: Urf Kench Urf the Manatee Urfrider Corki Urfwick She was released in celebration of April Fools' Day 2015 along with: Surprise Party Amumu He got locked out of his own party. Archduke Nasus Order of the Banana Soraka Definitely Not Udyr She is striking a pose while Definitely Not Udyr is taking a group selfie , but his smartphone can't detect Surprise Party Amumu . She is dressed as Urf . The sharks from her joke are replaced by manatees. This skin references historical accounts about mermaids, most likely describing manatees and dugongs ; also loosely resembles the mythological Selkie . Deep Sea Nami This skin shares the Forgotten Depths theme with: Abyssal Nautilus Atlantean Fizz Atlantean Syndra Coral Reef Malphite Deep One Kassadin Deep Sea Kog'Maw Deep Terror Thresh Un-corrupted Nautilus can be seen in the foreground of her splash art. Her skin is based on the Anglerfish , a fish that dwells in the deep sea. The sharks from her joke are also anglerfishes. She calls Jellyfishes in her Ebb and Flow . SKT T1 Nami This skin shares the World Champions: 2016 theme with: SKT T1 Ekko SKT T1 Jhin SKT T1 Olaf SKT T1 Syndra SKT T1 Zac She was released in celebration of SKT T1 winning the Season 6 World Championship along with: SKT T1 Ekko SKT T1 Jhin SKT T1 Olaf SKT T1 Syndra SKT T1 Zac SKT T1 kkOma Ward She represents Wolf and is the second World Championship victory skin for him. It was preceded by SKT T1 Alistar . The idea for the Recall animation was thought up by Wolf himself and displays his signature. A side-by-side comparison can be seen here. Program Nami Chromas: Amethyst,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Program theme with: iBlitzcrank Program Camille Program LeBlanc Program Lissandra Program Soraka She was released alongside Program LeBlanc . This is also the first Nami skin depicting her as being non-organic. Splendid Staff Nami Chromas: Aquamarine,  Citrine,  Heavenly Crane,  Pearl,  Peridot,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Immortal Journey theme with: Eternal Sword Yi God Staff Jax Immortal Journey Kayle Immortal Journey Shyvana Immortal Journey Zed ...and others Immortal Journey Zeri Prestige Valiant Sword Riven Prestige Valiant Sword Riven (2022) Soaring Sword Fiora Valiant Sword Riven During her recall she transforms her fins into human legs. This is the first Nami skin to show her with legs. This is also the first Nami skin depicting her as a human instead of a species of fish. Cosmic Destiny Nami Chromas: Amethyst,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Rainbow,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Turquoise This skin shares the Cosmic theme with: Cosmic Lux Cosmic Charger Hecarim Cosmic Defender Xin Zhao Cosmic Huntress Nidalee Cosmic Invoker Illaoi ...and others Cosmic Matriarch Bel'Veth Cosmic Paladin Nautilus Cosmic Paladins Nunu & Willump Cosmic Reaver Kassadin Cosmic Sting Skarner She was inspired by the Pisces constellation. She summons a Cosmic Squink in Aqua Prison . She summons a Cosmic fish seen in her splash in Ebb and Flow . She summons a Cosmic Starmaw in Tidal Wave . Bewitching Nami Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the Bewitching theme with: Bewitching Fiora Bewitching LeBlanc Bewitching Miss Fortune Bewitching Neeko Bewitching Nidalee ...and others Bewitching Poppy Bewitching Senna Bewitching Yuumi Prestige Bewitching Miss Fortune Prestige Bewitching Miss Fortune (2022) Space Groove Nami Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rainbow,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire This skin shares the Space Groove theme with: Prestige Space Groove Lulu Space Groove Blitz & Crank Space Groove Gragas Space Groove Gwen Space Groove Lulu ...and others Space Groove Lux Space Groove Nasus Space Groove Nunu & Willump Space Groove Samira Space Groove Teemo Prestige Space Groove Nami This skin shares the Space Groove theme with: Prestige Space Groove Lulu Space Groove Blitz & Crank Space Groove Gragas Space Groove Gwen Space Groove Lulu ...and others Space Groove Lux Space Groove Nasus Space Groove Nunu & Willump Space Groove Samira Space Groove Teemo Coven Nami Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Pearl,  Profane,  Ruby,  Sapphire This skin shares the Coven theme with: Coven Akali Coven Camille Coven Evelynn Coven LeBlanc Coven Zyra ...and others Old God Ivern Old God Warwick Prestige Coven Akali Prestige Coven LeBlanc Prestige Coven Zyra She resembles Queen Azshara from World of Warcraft . This skin has a special dance animation which has a 10% chance to play instead of her usual dance, which references Squidward Tentacles ' dance from the SpongeBob SquarePants episode Culture Shock . References [ ]