Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Nunu & Willump View in 3D 260 / 21-Feb-2009 Grungy Nunu & Willump View in 3D 750 / 10-Aug-2010 Nunu & Willump Bot View in 3D 1820 / 05-May-2011 Demolisher Nunu & Willump View in 3D 975 / 24-Aug-2011 Papercraft Nunu & Willump View in 3D 1350 / 21-Feb-2019 Space Groove Nunu & Willump View in 3D 1350 / 01-Apr-2021 Nunu & Beelump View in 3D 1350 / 03-Mar-2022 Cosmic Paladins Nunu & Willump View in 3D 1350 / 30-Aug-2023 Cosmic Paladins Nunu & Willump Chromas Amethyst Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Turquoise Nunu & Beelump Chromas Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Papercraft Nunu & Willump Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Space Groove Nunu & Willump Chromas Catseye Disco Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Legacy Vault Sasquatch Nunu & Willump View in 3D 520 / 20-Nov-2009 Workshop Nunu & Willump View in 3D 520 / 17-Dec-2009 TPA Nunu & Willump View in 3D 750 / 23-May-2013 Zombie Nunu & Willump View in 3D 1350 / 05-Nov-2015 Screenshots [ ] TPA Nunu Classic Nunu & Willump (Full Relaunch) Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Chilly Assists Takedowns on champions within 3s of being affected by Absolute Zero (R) Consumption Healing from Consume (Q) Super Snowballs Champions hit with max-charged Biggest Snowball Ever! (W) On A Roll Takedowns within 10s on champions affected by Biggest Snowball Ever! (W) impacts Snowballer Champions rooted with Snowball Barrage (E) The Fast and The Curious Total duration of Call of the Freljord (P) Attack Speed enhancement in champion combat Trivia [ ] Original Nunu & Willump Nunu has brown eyes in his artwork, while his eyes are green in game . His eyes are also brown in Grungy Nunu & Willump's artwork. His very first splash art was directly tweaked for the first splash art of his Sasquatch skin. The second splash art for his Sasquatch skin also seems to have borrowed the pose from his first classic splash art. Sasquatch Nunu & Willump This skin shares the Fables theme with: Dark Valkyrie Diana Djinn Malzahar Loch Ness Cho'Gath Muse Sona Musketeer Twisted Fate ...and others Mythic Cassiopeia Perseus Pantheon Royal Guard Fiora Siren Cassiopeia Valkyrie Leona Willump references the Sasquatch, another name for Bigfoot . Sasquatch Nunu Willump wears the Banshee's Veil around his neck. Workshop Nunu & Willump This skin shares the Snowdown Showdown theme with: Candy Cane Miss Fortune Festive Maokai Happy Elf Teemo Mistletoe LeBlanc Nutcracko ...and others Re-Gifted Amumu Santa Braum Santa Draven Santa Gragas Snow Bunny Nidalee Nunu is dressed like a Christmas elf from Santa's workshop while Willump is a Giant Reindeer Poro . Svellsongur is replaced with a candy cane. He was released in celebration of Snowdown Showdown 2009 along with: Snow Bunny Nidalee Happy Elf Teemo Earnest Elf Tristana Old Saint Zilean Workshop Nunu Nunu is dressed like a Christmas elf from Santa's workshop while Willump is dressed like Santa Claus . Grungy Nunu & Willump This skin shares the Toy Box theme with: Dino Gnar Moo Cow Alistar Pug'Maw Ragdoll Poppy Renektoy Sewn Chaos Orianna Toy Soldier Gangplank Renektoy and toy versions of Tibbers , Original Teemo , Cottontail Teemo and Grungy Willump can be seen in the background. Nunu references Boo while Willump references Sulley (both of which are characters from the animated Disney Pixar film, Monsters, Inc. ). Svellsongur is replaced with a toy recorder . Grungy Nunu Nunu is a reference to Oscar the Grouch while Willump is a reference to the Cookie Monster , both from Sesame Street . Nunu & Willump Bot This skin shares the Heavy Metal theme with: Full Machine Viktor Full Metal Jayce Full Metal Pantheon Full Metal Rammus The background of their splash art is the same arena as in Full Metal Pantheon splash art. "WILLUMP" is an acronym for Workframe Integrated Lossless Lifeform Uploaded Mainly for Punching . Svellsongur is replaced with a wrench secured to Nunu's back. Nunu fires energy blasts from his wrench during Snowball Barrage . Their joke creates a holographic projection of old Nunu Bot . Their dance is likely a reference to the " Disco Nunu " meme, where one would gamethrow by dancing in the middle of a lane in order to get killed by the enemy while using Clairvoyance and Scrying Orb to give the appearance of a disco ball. Nunu Bot He was named after and references the eponymous series by 'angrygoran' . His voice differs from the series because, according to 'angrygoran' himself , another one had to be used due to copyright concerns. Demolisher Nunu & Willump This skin shares the Rift Quest theme with: Bard Bard Braum Lionheart Gragas Caskbreaker Lord Darius Rageborn Mundo ...and others Rugged Garen Ryze Whitebeard Sejuani Dawnchaser Twitch Shadowfoot Varus Swiftbolt Svellsongur is replaced with a spiked mace that resembles pre-rework Mordekaiser's mace. Demolisher Nunu He references Master Blaster from Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome and/or Juggernaut from X-Men by Marvel Comics . TPA Nunu & Willump This skin shares the World Champions: 2012 theme with: TPA Ezreal TPA Orianna TPA Shen TPA Mundo He was released in celebration of Taipei Assassins winning the Season Two World Championship along with: TPA Mundo TPA Ezreal TPA Orianna TPA Shen He represents MiSTakE . Zombie Nunu & Willump This skin shares the Zombies VS Slayers theme with: Zombie Brand Zombie Ryze Zombie Slayer Jinx Zombie Slayer Pantheon Zombie Brand can be seen in the background. He was released in celebration of Harrowing 2015 along with: Zombie Slayer Jinx Zombie Slayer Pantheon They reference The Walking Dead , Left 4 Dead , and/or Zombie Tycoon . All ice effects are replaced with a substance resembling vomit and/or radioactive liquid. Both Nunu and Willump groan to each other instead of speaking. Papercraft Nunu & Willump Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Papercraft theme with: Papercraft Anivia While not directly sharing a splash art with Papercraft Anivia , their splash arts can join together to make one larger image. This skin was inspired by Origami . Svellsongur is replaced with a pair of scissors secured to Nunu's back. During his dance, Nunu instead blows through a makeshift paper flute. The paper prop in Nunu & Willump's recall is actually 4 different models swapping in/out. [1] Space Groove Nunu & Willump Chromas: Catseye,  Disco,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the Space Groove theme with: Prestige Space Groove Lulu Space Groove Blitz & Crank Space Groove Gragas Space Groove Gwen Space Groove Lissandra ...and others Space Groove Lulu Space Groove Lux Space Groove Nasus Space Groove Samira Space Groove Teemo Nunu & Beelump Chromas: Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rainbow,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Bees! theme with: Bee'Koz Bee'Maw Beekeeper Singed Beemo Beezahar ...and others Beezcrank BZZZiggs King Beegar Orbeeanna Yuubee Svellsongur is replaced with a daisy flower with a smiley face. Cosmic Paladins Nunu & Willump Chromas: Amethyst,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Turquoise This skin shares the Cosmic theme with: Cosmic Lux Cosmic Charger Hecarim Cosmic Defender Xin Zhao Cosmic Enchantress Lulu Cosmic Huntress Nidalee ...and others Cosmic Invoker Illaoi Cosmic Matriarch Bel'Veth Cosmic Paladin Nautilus Cosmic Reaver Kassadin Cosmic Sting Skarner References [ ] ↑ https://twitter.com/RiotOhmu/status/1099016354093400064 Riot Ohmu Twitter