Dragon types : Chemtech Drake , Cloud Drake , Hextech Drake , Infernal Drake , Mountain Drake , Ocean Drake , Elder Dragon . See also: Dragon pit , Dragon Slayer . Ocean Drake A ranged attacker that slows its target. It can only damage a single champion. Bounty Gold Exp CS 25 150 − 330 (based on level) 4 Statistics Health 5730 − 10290 (based on level) / 9230 − 13790 (based on level) Attack damage 70 Attack speed 0. 5 Range 500 Armor 21 Magic res. 30 Mov. speed 330 Unit radius 125 Monster type Epic, Large Location Camp Initial Dragon pit 5:00 Ocean Drake is a neutral monster on Summoner's Rift . Ocean Drake's attacks slow the target by 30% for 2 seconds. Each Ocean Drake killed grants a stack of Oceanic Will . If the rift is dominated by the Ocean , obtaining 4 Dragon Slayer stacks grants the Ocean Dragon Soul . Contents 1 Features 1.1 Passives 1.2 Abilities 2 Notes 3 Strategy 3.1 Tips to prepare dragon ganks 3.2 Tips to prevent dragon ganks 3.3 Benefits of Dragon Slayer 4 References Features [ ] Passives [ ] Resistant Skin : Dragons are immune to all crowd control , except stasis . Additionally, Dragons' stats cannot be modified by any means. Ancient Grudge : Elemental Dragons gain 20% bonus damage and 7% damage reduction per stack against enemies with Dragon Slayer stacks, up to 80% bonus damage and 28% damage reduction at 4 stacks. Dragon Breath: Dragons deal bonus physical damage equal to 5% of the target's current health with their basic attacks, modified to 4% for the Chemtech Drake . Additionally, Dragons gain 30% armor penetration . Abilities [ ] Taking Flight: Dragons knock back all enemies within 550 units of them upon starting the fight, displacing them further based on proximity and not through terrain. Notes [ ] Dragons' basic attacks cannot be dodged and be negated by spell shields . Dragons cannot damage other monsters . If the team that slays a dragon has a lower average level than that of their opponents, they receive 25% bonus experience per average level difference. The bonus experience is sharply increased for the lowest level members of the team, equal to 15% per number of levels behind the dragon squared, up to a maximum of 200%. Strategy [ ] Killing dragons is one of the main tasks of the Jungler . Junglers often require assistance from their team for this task, and the champions best positioned to provide this assistance are usually the mid laners and bottom laners. When a team attempts to kill a dragon it usually gets weakened during the fight. Given the nature of the dragon pit, the team attempting the kill has limited escape paths. For this reason it's usually a good idea to gank the enemy team when they're trying to kill a dragon. A good gank may score several kills, steal the dragon kill, or both. Dragons (and other epic monsters) should be finished with effects that instantly deal a high amount of damage (i.e. Smite , Cho'Gath's Feast , Nunu's Consume ) to prevent the enemy team from stealing the kill. When initially attacked, dragons will knock back every nearby champion, and begin attacking and chasing the closest champion. Attacking the dragon from a safe distance to get it to attack an unprepared enemy champion can be useful. Tips to prepare dragon ganks [ ] Have a ward in the river close to the dragon camp entrance, providing complete vision of the pit. This will reveal enemies attempting to kill the dragon while also spotting enemies standing guard at the entrance. Killing the Rift Scuttler is a good way to provide vision in front of the dragon pit, but it does not provide vision inside the pit itself. Tips to prevent dragon ganks [ ] Use a Control Ward or Oracle Lens to check for wards before attempting to kill a dragon , do not destroy wards unless you absolutely must eliminate their vision. Eliminate the bottom lane enemies and then attack the dragon with the help of your bottom lane teammates. The enemy middle lane and jungler are usually not strong enough to fight three champions at once. While on the red team, lure the dragon out of its pit. This makes the dragon chase you into the river, making it harder for the enemy team to steal it by engaging over the wall of the dragon pit. Benefits of Dragon Slayer [ ] The stacking buffs provided by Dragon Slayer grant powerful effects which boost the overall strength of champions that are empowered by them. Chemtech Drake's buff grants a team greater resistance to the effects of crowd control as well as greater effectiveness when they receive healing or shielding effects. These bonuses allow for a team to have more uptime in a fight against crowd control and recover faster from and/or mitigate more damage taken with any heals and shields they get. Cloud Drake's buff speeds up a team as they move across the map faster than their enemies can. It gives a team enough time to head towards an important objective and gain control over it. The decreased slow effectiveness also helps with outrunning a chase. Hextech Drake's buff greatly increases the attack output of a team as their cooldowns come up quicker and their attacks come out rapidly. Infernal Drake's buff becomes more and more effective as a game continues as a team builds up their stats, with the buff giving even more stats which in turn leads to a massive boost in attack power. Mountain Drake's buff toughens up a team and allows them to take more extended fights, making it difficult for the opposition to deal with. Ocean Drake's buff restores tons of health after having taken lots of damage. It is particularly useful for taking down an objective after a skirmish as the team will restore their health overtime and be healthy in time for the next fight. References Units Champion · Champion summoned units · Little Legend · Structures ( Turret · Inhibitor · Nexus ) Minions Small Melee minion Caster minion Large Siege minion Super minion Monsters Lesser Krug Murk Wolf Raptor Voidmite Large Ancient Krug Blue Sentinel Crimson Raptor Greater Murk Wolf Gromp Red Brambleback Rift Scuttler Epic Baron pit ( Baron Nashor · Rift Herald · Voidgrubs ) Dragon pit ( Cloud Drake · Hextech Drake · Infernal Drake · Mountain Drake · Ocean Drake · Elder Dragon ) Featured game mode Black Market Brawlers Ironback Ocklepod Plundercrab Razorfin Invasion Big Stompy Monster Draggy Tail Monster Grumpy Burrow Monster Jumpy Slashy Monster Scary Spitty Monster Shooty Eyeball Monster The Big One Nexus Siege Siege Ballista Shield Totem Port Pad Vanguard Banner Odyssey: Extraction Kayn Alphacyte Anchortail Arcraptor Brightcore Crimson Stinger Cyte Dozermaw Hogtongue Landsquid Petal Claw Razorheart Rhinodon Shimmerstriker Skitterbeak Squidtooth Terraburster Tuskbeard Other Abyss Scuttler Ancient Ascendant Demon Herald Devil Teemo Poro King Removed content Minions Anti-turret cannon Siege rider minion Monsters Summoner's Rift Ancient Golem Big Golem Chemtech Drake Cinderling Dragon Giant Wolf Golem Lesser Wolf Lesser Wraith Lizard Elder Sentry Wight Wraith Young Lizard Twisted Treeline Big Golem Ebonmaw Ghast Giant Wolf Golem Grez Lesser Wolf Lesser Wraith Lizard Rabid Wolf Vilemaw Wraith Young Lizard