Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Pantheon View in 3D 790 / 02-Feb-2010 Myrmidon Pantheon View in 3D 520 / 02-Feb-2010 Full Metal Pantheon View in 3D 975 / 01-Aug-2011 Dragonslayer Pantheon View in 3D 1350 / 14-May-2014 Baker Pantheon View in 3D 975 / 07-Sep-2016 Pulsefire Pantheon View in 3D 1350 / 14-May-2020 Ruined Pantheon View in 3D 1350 / 08-Jul-2021 Dragonslayer Pantheon Chromas Amethyst Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Ruby Sandstone Pulsefire Pantheon Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Chrono Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Ruby Ruined Pantheon Chromas Amethyst Citrine Cursed Emerald Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Legacy Vault Ruthless Pantheon View in 3D 520 / 08-Aug-2010 Perseus Pantheon View in 3D 750 / 02-Nov-2010 Glaive Warrior Pantheon View in 3D 975 / 30-May-2012 Zombie Slayer Pantheon View in 3D 975 / 05-Nov-2015 Rare & Limited Prestige Ascended Pantheon View in 3D Special / 08-Jul-2021 Ashen Conqueror Pantheon View in 3D Special / 23-Jun-2022 Ashen Conqueror Pantheon Chromas Emberwoken Screenshots [ ] Glaive Warrior Pantheon Dragonslayer Pantheon Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Death from Above Champions hit with the shockwave from Grand Starfall (R) Faultless Defense Damage mitigated with Aegis Assault (E) Taking Everything Champions killed with Comet Spear (Q) Comet Kebob Multiple champions hit with Comet Spear (Q) Perserverence Subsequent Mortal Will (P) empowered Abilities used in champion combat within 10s Point And Click Takedowns on champions within 6s of being stunned by Shield Vault (W) Trivia [ ] Original Pantheon He resembles a Hoplite . He shares design elements with Leona due to both being part of the Ra'Horak of The Solari . Aatrox can be seen in the background of his splash art. His very first splash art was directly tweaked for the first splash art of his Myrmidon skin. While more elaborately edited, the first splash art for his Ruthless skin also seems to have borrowed the pose from his first classic splash art. Ruthless Pantheon This skin shares the Road Warrior theme with: Apocalyptic Brand Badlands Baron Rumble Baron Von Veigar Blast Zone Heimerdinger Hyena Warwick Junkyard Trundle Road Warrior Miss Fortune He references Lord Humungus from Mad Max 2 . Ruthless Pantheon He references He-Man . Myrmidon Pantheon This skin shares the Wonders of the World theme with: Bear Cavalry Sejuani Masked Shaco Oktoberfest Gragas Outback Renekton Panda Teemo ...and others Sultan Tryndamere Uncle Ryze Viking Tryndamere Vizier Malzahar Winged Hussar Xin Zhao He references the eponymous legendary warriors from the Iliad by Homer . His helmet was inspired by Ancient Roman Galea helmet . Perseus Pantheon This skin shares the Fables theme with: Dark Valkyrie Diana Djinn Malzahar Loch Ness Cho'Gath Muse Sona Musketeer Twisted Fate ...and others Mythic Cassiopeia Royal Guard Fiora Sasquatch Nunu & Willump Siren Cassiopeia Valkyrie Leona He references the eponymous hero from Greek mythology . According to the mythodology, Perseus received five gifts from the gods to defeat the Gorgon Medusa, namely: The winged sandals from Hermes, a hooked sword from Zeus, a dark helm from Hades and a lustrous shield from Athena. Perseus Pantheon features all those gifts. Aegis of Zeonia depicts the head of what closely resembles Mythic Cassiopeia . Perseus Pantheon Aegis of Zeonia depicts the head of Cassiopeia (referencing Perseus reflecting Medusa's Petrifying Gaze and that her head would later adorn Athena's shield Aegis ). Full Metal Pantheon This skin shares the Heavy Metal theme with: Full Machine Viktor Full Metal Jayce Full Metal Rammus Nunu & Willump Bot The arena he is standing in is the same one from Nunu & Willump Bot's splash art. His helmet crest resembles that of a Parasaurolophus dinosaur. Full Metal Pantheon A limited number of codes for unlocking him were given away during a G4 / X-Play event on Facebook and on Twitter . Glaive Warrior Pantheon This skin shares the Wonders of the World theme with: Bear Cavalry Sejuani Masked Shaco Oktoberfest Gragas Outback Renekton Panda Teemo ...and others Sultan Tryndamere Uncle Ryze Viking Tryndamere Vizier Malzahar Winged Hussar Xin Zhao He shares some resemble to Thor from Thor: Ragnarok and Avengers: Infinity War . He references the Dacians ( Aegis of Zeonia depicts their Draco ), a Thracian sub-group of people who were the ancient inhabitants of the cultural region of Dacia , which area includes mainly the present-day countries of Romania and Moldova , as well as parts of Ukraine , Eastern Serbia , Northern Bulgaria , Slovakia , Hungary and Southern Poland . Glaive Warrior Pantheon He was released in celebration of the Romanian Server's launch. His helmet looks similar to the ceremonial Celtic Waterloo Helmet , referencing cultural interactions between Celts & Thraco-Dacians Dragonslayer Pantheon Chromas: Amethyst,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Ruby,  Sandstone This skin shares the Dragon World theme with: Dragon Sorceress Zyra Dragon Trainer Lulu Dragonslayer Braum Dragonslayer Diana Dragonslayer Jarvan IV ...and others Dragonslayer Kayle Dragonslayer Twitch Dragonslayer Vayne Dragonslayer Xin Zhao Scarlet Hammer Poppy New textures were accidentally pushed to the PBE before his rework was revealed. This has also happened with Black Belt Udyr and Foxfire Ahri . He resembles a Dragoon from Final Fantasy . Dragonslayer Pantheon He and the Riot Ward were given out at Anime Expo 2014. Zombie Slayer Pantheon This skin shares the Zombies VS Slayers theme with: Zombie Brand Zombie Nunu & Willump Zombie Ryze Zombie Slayer Jinx He references The Walking Dead and Left 4 Dead . He uses homemade weaponry : a ' spearsaw ' (pipes stuck to a chainsaw ), a spiked sewer cover stuck to a Do-Not-Enter-sign shield and fire extinguishers strapped onto his backpack to fly over zombies. Zombie Slayer Pantheon He was released in celebration of Harrowing 2015 along with: Zombie Slayer Jinx Zombie Nunu Before Pantheon's Full Relaunch, this skin was called "Slayer Pantheon" . Baker Pantheon This skin shares the Culinary Masters theme with: Barbecue Leona Birdio Butcher Olaf Master Chef Tahm Kench Pizza Delivery Sivir Sashimi Akali Sinful Succulence Morgana Master Chef Tahm Kench can be seen in the background. His dream of becoming a baker is realized. In the Star Guardians Universe, Pantheon owns a bakery called Pantheon’s Pastries, where Soraka works part-time. His shield turns into a pie. Baker Pantheon He has a rolling pin attached to his back and his shield turns into a bun. Pulsefire Pantheon Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Chrono,  Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Ruby This skin shares the Pulsefire theme with: Prestige Pulsefire Thresh Prestige Pulsefire Thresh (2022) Pulsefire Caitlyn Pulsefire Ekko Pulsefire Ezreal ...and others Pulsefire Fiora Pulsefire Riven Pulsefire Shen Pulsefire Thresh Pulsefire Twisted Fate Pulsefire Ezreal can be seen in the foreground of his splash art as an icon projected on the holographic screen. Ruined Pantheon Chromas: Amethyst,  Citrine,  Cursed,  Emerald,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Ruined theme with: Gangplank the Betrayer Prestige Ascended Pantheon Ruined Draven Ruined Karma Ruined Miss Fortune Ruined Shyvana Sea Dog Yasuo Unbound Thresh The skin represents his canon appearance during Viego's return, with the Aspect of War being resurrected to fight for the Ruined King and taking control of Atreus once more. The face of the shield is an imprisoned Atreus. Prestige Ascended Pantheon This skin shares the Ruined theme with: Gangplank the Betrayer Ruined Draven Ruined Karma Ruined Miss Fortune Ruined Pantheon Ruined Shyvana Sea Dog Yasuo Unbound Thresh This skin represents a "what-if" scenario where Atreus manages wrest back control of his body from Pantheon, rather than Viego being defeated and Pantheon being subsumed back into his mind. [1] Prestige Ascended Pantheon is the only Prestige skin not to have the same title as its base skin. References [ ] ↑ Ask Riot: Vex's Release Date