"Hugify!" This article or section is a stub . You can help the League of Legends Wiki by casting Wild Growth on it so it isn't as small as a yordle . This article was last edited by DoubleIronBash on 13-Aug-2023 01:49 . A passive effect is an effect that is applied as a part of a larger action, or is present throughout the game. They grant added bonuses, some of which directly increase base stats , and may require activation or a condition to be met. Passive abilities are champion abilities with only passive components. Contents 1 Acquisition 2 Types 2.1 Constant passives 2.2 Restrained passives 2.3 Stacking passives 2.4 Aura passives 2.5 Buffing passives 2.6 De-buffing passives 3 Basic Abilities with Passives Acquisition [ ] There are currently three different ways to acquire passive effects in the game. Champion abilities : Each innate ability has a passive effect, but some champions have an additional ability (or abilities) that grants a boost passively (ex. Sona's Crescendo ). Items : When purchased, these items will grant the wearer increased stats and effects while owned. These passive effects may change as through the build path, but usually remain consistent (ex. Zeal ). Global map effects: These include the Howling Abyss Aura and Awesome Buff of Awesomely Awesome Buffing . This passive effect applies to all players from the start to the end of the game. Types [ ] There are several different types of passive effects, aside from the usual defensive, offensive or utility. These mainly are: Constant passives [ ] These effects are persistent throughout the game no matter what action is taken. They include innate abilities , and both Howling Abyss Aura and Awesome Buff of Awesomely Awesome Buffing passive bonuses. Restrained passives [ ] These are in effect until a certain action is taken that temporarily disables them. Gangplank's Trial by Fire Stacking passives [ ] These passives have an effect which increases each time a certain action is performed. Jax's Relentless Assault Kayle's Zealous Guinsoo's Rageblade Aura passives [ ] These passives have a small area of effect that affect allies and or foes. Abyssal Mask Locket of the Iron Solari's consecrate Frozen Heart Nunu & Willump's Call of the Freljord Buffing passives [ ] These passives increase stats such as On-hit effect . Recurve Bow Winged Moonplate Hecarim's Warpath De-buffing passives [ ] These passives reduce stats such as movement speed . Mobility Boots Basic Abilities with Passives [ ] Aside from innate abilities, some champions have passive effects on their basic abilities. These may either be on their own, or alongside a separate active effect. These include: Aatrox's Umbral Dash Akshan's Going Rogue Amumu's Tantrum Anivia's Frostbite Ashe's Ranger's Focus Bel'Veth's Endless Banquet Blitzcrank's Static Field Darius' Apprehend Dr. Mundo's Blunt Force Trauma Ekko's Parallel Convergence and Chronobreak Elise's Skittering Frenzy and Spider Form / Human Form Fiddlesticks' Terrify Fiora's Grand Challenge Fizz's Seastone Trident Galio's Shield of Durand Garen's Courage Gnar's Hyper and GNAR! Gwen's Snip Snip! Illaoi's Tentacle Smash Irelia's Vanguard's Edge Ivern's Brushmaker Jarvan IV's Demacian Standard Janna's Zephyr and Eye of the Storm Jax's Grandmaster-At-Arms Jayce's Lightning Field Jhin's Deadly Flourish and Captive Audience Kalista's Sentinel and Rend Karthus' Defile Kassadin's Nether Blade and Force Pulse Kayle's Starfire Spellblade Kayn's Umbral Trespass Kennen's Electrical Surge Kha'Zix's Taste Their Fear , Evolved Reaper Claws , and Void Assault Kindred's Wolf's Frenzy Kled's Violent Tendencies Kog'Maw's Caustic Spittle Lillia's Blooming Blows Lucian's Relentless Pursuit Malphite's Thunderclap Malzahar's Void Swarm Master Yi's Highlander Miss Fortune's Strut Mordekaiser's Indestructible and Death's Grasp Morgana's Tormented Shadow Naafiri's The Call of the Pack Neeko's Shapesplitter Nidalee's Pounce Nilah's Formless Blade Nocturne's Shroud of Darkness and Unspeakable Horror Olaf's Ragnarok Orianna's Command: Protect Pantheon's Grand Starfall Poppy's Steadfast Presence Qiyana's Terrashape Quinn's Heightened Senses Rek'Sai's Void Rush Rell's Ferromancy: Mount Up and Full Tilt Rengar's Battle Roar and Thrill of the Hunt Ryze's Overload and Realm Warp Sejuani's Permafrost Sett's Haymaker Shaco's Two-Shiv Poison Shen's Shadow Dash Shyvana's Dragon's Descent Sion's Soul Furnace Skarner's Fracture Syndra's Unleashed Power Tahm Kench's Thick Skin Taric's Bastion Teemo's Move Quick and Toxic Shot Thresh's Flay Tristana's Explosive Charge Tryndamere's Bloodlust Twisted Fate's Stacked Deck Urgot's Purge Varus' Blighted Quiver Vayne's Silver Bolts Vel'Koz's Life Form Disintegration Ray Vi's Denting Blows Viego's Blade of the Ruined King Warwick's Blood Hunt Xin Zhao's Crescent Guard Yuumi's You and Me! Zac's Let's Bounce! Zed's Living Shadow Zoe's Spell Thief Gameplay Elements Targeting Types Auto ( Passive · Self ) · Direction · Location · Unit · Proximity · Vector ( Collision · Radius ) Unit types Champion · Minion · Monster · Pets · Structures ( Turret · Inhibitor · Nexus ) Effect types Ability effects · Attack effects ( On-hit ) · Area of effect · Damage over time · Heal · Multi-hit · Redirected damage · Shield · Single-targeted Ability types Attached · Aura · Blink · Buff · Channel · Combat status · Crowd control · Damage ( Ability · Basic · Magic · Physical · True · Nexus Obelisk · Execution ) · Dash · Debuff · Invulnerability · Pet · Projectile · Sight · Spell shield · Stealth · Tether · Untargetability · Ward