"You belong in a museum!" This article or section may contain obsolete information, but exists here for historical purposes. Perfect Timing is a rune in League of Legends . Perfect Timing Edit Path Slot Inspiration 1 Description Passive: After 14 minutes (reduced by 2 minutes whenever scoring a takedown against an enemy champion), you receive a Perfectly Timed Stopwatch . The Perfectly Timed Stopwatch is identical to the Stopwatch , except it only contributes for a value of 250 . A free cosmetic, Commencing Stopwatch occupies one of your item slots before obtaining a Perfectly Timed Stopwatch. Inspiration Edit Outwit Mere Mortals Keystone (Primary Only) Glacial Augment Unsealed Spellbook First Strike Contraption Hextech Flashtraption Magical Footwear Triple Tonic Tomorrow Future's Market Minion Dematerializer Biscuit Delivery Beyond Cosmic Insight Approach Velocity Time Warp Tonic See Also Map-Specific Differences [ ] Howling Abyss differences edit Initial cooldown changed to 4 minutes. Nexus Blitz differences edit Time available changed to 4 minutes. Ultra Rapid Fire differences edit Initial cooldown changed to 4 minutes. Perfectly Timed Stopwatch [ ] Perfectly Timed Commencing Perfectly Timed Stopwatch edit Active Unique – Stasis : Put yourself in stasis for 2. 5 seconds, rendering you untargetable and invulnerable for the duration but also unable to move, declare basic attacks , cast abilities , use summoner spells , or activate items . Limitations Transforms into Broken Stopwatch when activated, which cannot be activated again. Once broken, all future purchases are also broken. Upgrades cost 500 more than the real deal . Recipe + 0 Cost Sell ID Special 40 2423 Availability SR 5v5 HA ARAM Nexus Blitz Keywords zhg zonyas zhonyas Perfectly Timed Stopwatch was a distributed item in League of Legends . Recipe Perfectly Timed Stopwatch (Special) Commencing Stopwatch 0 Commencing Stopwatch edit Limitations Limited to 1 Commencing Stopwatch . Recipe Cost Sell ID Special No Sell N/A Availability Commencing Stopwatch is a legendary item in League of Legends . Notes [ ] The Commencing Stopwatch cannot be sold. Once transformed, the Perfectly Timed Stopwatch can be sold for 40 . The Commencing Stopwatch is considered a component of its upgrades, and will show their remaining price already reduced by the knock-off's 250 value. The name of the in-game item is identical to the Stopwatch , but has been named differently on the League of Legends Wiki for archive purposes. Perfect Timing will prevent the use of even authentic Stopwatches before the initial 14 minutes. 