"You belong in a museum!" This article or section may contain obsolete information, but exists here for historical purposes. This item has been removed on patch V3.14 . Philosopher's Stone edit Stats +7 health per 5 seconds +9 mana per 5 seconds Passive Unique – Transmute : Gain 5 per 10 seconds. Recipe + + 340 Cost Sell ID 700 350 3096 Availability Builds into Mikael's Crucible Ohmwrecker Eleisa's Miracle Shurelya's Reverie Menu Defense>Health Regen Magic>Mana Regen Tools>Gold Income Philosopher's Stone was an epic item in League of Legends . Recipe Philosopher's Stone 700 ( 340 ) Faerie Charm 250 Rejuvenation Bead 300 Builds Into Mikael's Crucible Ohmwrecker Eleisa's Miracle Shurelya's Reverie Cost Analysis Gold Value 7 health regeneration = 252 9 mana regeneration = 540 Total Gold Value = 792 Gold efficiency Philosopher's Stone's base stats were 113. 14 % gold efficient. Similar items Avarice Blade Kage's Lucky Pick Strategy Philosopher's Stone is very useful for its gold per 10 to champions who are not obtaining gold from last hitting minions , such as supports, tanks, junglers , and roamers , as well as for its health regeneration and mana regeneration , which aid in keeping champions from having to recall . Trivia The balance team jokingly referred to two Philosopher's Stones and one Heart of Gold as the "Philly Cheese Stone Sandwich" build. [1] Philosopher's Stone will pay for itself in 23 minutes and 20 seconds, or 14 minutes if sold. It is the least expensive of all gold-generating items. The splash art for the Bird of Prey Anivia skin shows her holding a Philosopher's Stone in her talons. In ancient alchemical tradition, the philosopher's stone was a legendary magical substance purported to be capable of turning base metals into gold and granting immortality. Before Riot decided they wanted to rework the Philosopher's Stone into Nomad's Medallion , they created an updated icon for Philosopher's Stone that ended up not being used. Philosopher's Stone Revisions Hide Season 4 Changes Renamed Nomad's Medallion Recipe changed to: Ancient Coin + 335g = 700g Health regeneration increased to 8 from 7. Mana regeneration increased to 11 from 8. Now grants 2 gold generation . Unique Passive - Transmute removed. 