For the other types of damage see: Magic damage and True damage . Physical damage is one of the three subtypes of damage in League of Legends . Physical damage is dealt by all unmodified basic attacks and by a portion of all damaging spells from champions , items , runes , and buffs . Contents 1 Statistics influencing physical damage 2 Items that deal physical damage 2.1 Champions that only deal physical damage 3 Champion Abilities Statistics influencing physical damage [ ] Physical damage spells commonly scale off of health and/or the offensive statistics attack damage and ability power , but other scalings may also be used. Some champions who deal physical damage may have damaging effects that scale off of critical strike chance and critical strike damage , or are able to critically strike altogether (critical strikes are not exclusive to physical damage, however). Physical vamp provides healing based on a percentage of physical damage dealt. Life steal provides healing based on a percentage of basic damage dealt: while the majority of basic damage effects are physical damage sources, this only indirectly associates life steal with physical damage. See the statistic's article for other interactions. Armor mitigates received physical damage by a percentage. The effectiveness of armor can be reduced by armor penetration . Items that deal physical damage [ ] Blade of the Ruined King Bloodsong Dead Man's Plate Doran's Ring (minions only) Doran's Shield (minions only) Eclipse ( Syzygy ) Essence Reaver Heartsteel Hullbreaker Iceborn Gauntlet Kraken Slayer Lord Dominik's Regards Muramana Noonquiver (minions and monsters only) Profane Hydra Ravenous Hydra Runaan's Hurricane Sheen Stridebreaker Tear of the Goddess (minions only) Tiamat Titanic Hydra Trinity Force ( Infinity Force ) Voltaic Cyclosword Champions that only deal physical damage [ ] The following list consists of champions that only deal physical damage (not counting sources other than abilities and basic attacks, such as Ignite , Crest of Cinders or Leona's Sunlight ): Draven Illaoi Kled Naafiri Nilah Quinn Riven Senna Sivir Talon Tryndamere Vi Xayah Champion Abilities [ ] These are champions' abilities that deal physical damage but scale with ability power : Aphelios' Moonshot , Duskwave , Sentry , and Moonlight Vigil Blitzcrank's Power Fist Ezreal's Mystic Shot Gnar's GNAR! Illaoi's Prophet of an Elder God Irelia's Defiant Dance Ivern's Daisy! Jhin's Dancing Grenade Kai'Sa's Icathian Rain Kalista's Rend Lucian's The Culling Malphite's Thunderclap Miss Fortune's Double Up and Bullet Time Pantheon's Shield Vault Qiyana's Royal Privilege Quinn's Blinding Assault Rek'Sai's Prey Seeker Sejuani's Winter's Wrath Senna's Dawning Shadow Shyvana's Twin Bite Sivir's Boomerang Blade Tristana's Explosive Charge Tryndamere's Spinning Slash Vayne's Tumble Vi's Relentless Force Viego's Blade of the Ruined King Volibear's Stormbringer Xin Zhao's Wind Becomes Lightning and Crescent Guard Zeri's Ultrashock Laser Gameplay Elements Targeting Types Auto ( Passive · Self ) · Direction · Location · Unit · Proximity · Vector ( Collision · Radius ) Unit types Champion · Minion · Monster · Pets · Structures ( Turret · Inhibitor · Nexus ) Effect types Ability effects · Attack effects ( On-hit ) · Area of effect · Damage over time · Heal · Multi-hit · Redirected damage · Shield · Single-targeted Ability types Attached · Aura · Blink · Buff · Channel · Combat status · Crowd control · Damage ( Ability · Basic · Magic · Physical · True · Nexus Obelisk · Execution ) · Dash · Debuff · Invulnerability · Pet · Projectile · Sight · Spell shield · Stealth · Tether · Untargetability · Ward