Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Poppy View in 3D 260 / 13-Jan-2010 Battle Regalia Poppy View in 3D 520 / 15-Mar-2011 Scarlet Hammer Poppy View in 3D 975 / 01-Feb-2012 Star Guardian Poppy View in 3D 1350 / 05-Oct-2016 Astronaut Poppy View in 3D 1350 / 28-May-2020 Cafe Cuties Poppy View in 3D 1350 / 25-Oct-2023 Astronaut Poppy Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Chrono Citrine Peridot Rose Quartz Ruby Battle Regalia Poppy Chromas Amethyst Emerald Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Cafe Cuties Poppy Chromas Aquamarine Catseye Obsidian Peridot Rose Quartz Ruby Sandstone Tanzanite Legacy Vault Noxus Poppy View in 3D 520 / 02-Feb-2010 Lollipoppy View in 3D 975 / 19-Oct-2010 Blacksmith Poppy View in 3D 975 / 24-Aug-2010 Ragdoll Poppy View in 3D 975 / 14-Dec-2010 Snow Fawn Poppy View in 3D 1350 / 12-Dec-2017 Bewitching Poppy View in 3D 1350 / 07-Oct-2021 Bewitching Poppy Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Rare & Limited Hextech Poppy View in 3D Special / 23-Jul-2018 Screenshots [ ] Scarlet Hammer Poppy Classic Poppy (Full Relaunch) Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Damage Vetoed Damage blocked with Iron Ambassador (P) GTFO Distance champions have travelled after being hit by a charged Keeper's Verdict (R) Nopes Champion dashes denied with Steadfast Presence (W) Orlon's Hammer Champions hit with both parts of Hammer Shock (Q) True Hero Champions stunned with Heroic Charge (E) Where'dja go? Multiple champions hit with Keeper's Verdict (R) Trivia [ ] Original Poppy The flowers she shares names with can be seen in the foreground. A blue recolor of her old Chinese artwork used to be the background image of the Defense branch of the now-retired summoner mastery trees in Season 2 , Season 3 , Season 4 and Season 5 (Season 5 retained Season 4's masteries). Recolors of Ashe's and Soraka's were used for the Offense and Utility branches respectively. Her very first splash art was directly tweaked for the first splash art of her Noxus skin. Noxus Poppy This skin shares the Otherroads theme with: Acolyte Lee Sin Demonblade Tryndamere Divine Soraka Foreseen Yasuo Prototype Viktor ...and others Redeemed Riven Rune Wars Renekton Runeguard Volibear Transcended Kayle Tyrant Swain She might be referencing Kiss . Blacksmith Poppy This skin shares the Medieval theme with: King Tryndamere Little Knight Amumu Medieval Twitch Queen Ashe Sir Kled Sorceress Lux White Mage Veigar Lollipoppy This skin shares the Sugar Rush theme with: Bittersweet Lulu Candy King Ivern Dark Candy Fiddlesticks Sugar Rush Braum Sugar Rush Evelynn Sugar Rush Ziggs Sugar Rush Zilean She was released in celebration of Harrowing 2010 along with: Mundo Mundo Pumpkinhead Fiddlesticks Kitty Cat Katarina Zombie Ryze Nosferatu Vladimir She references the Oompa-Loompas from Charlie and the Chocolate Factory by Roald Dahl and/or Candy Land by Hasbro . A lollipop with her pre- rework face can be seen in the background. She also makes this face when she dances. It can also be seen in the joined splash art of Sugar Rush Ziggs , Sugar Rush Braum and Sugar Rush Evelynn . Ragdoll Poppy This skin shares the Toy Box theme with: Dino Gnar Grungy Nunu & Willump Moo Cow Alistar Pug'Maw Renektoy Sewn Chaos Orianna Toy Soldier Gangplank She was released in celebration of Snowdown Showdown 2010 along with: Re-Gifted Amumu Santa Gragas Reindeer Kog'Maw Candy Cane Miss Fortune Nutcracko Silent Night Sona She references Raggedy Ann by Johnny Gruelle . She is standing up to Tibbers , whose claw is in the foreground. The following can be seen in the background: Plush toys resembling: Poros Lulu Rammus Super Galaxy Rumble's Tristy Teemo A balloon resembling a Ziggs bomb A plane model resembling Red Baron Corki's ROFL Copter An inflatable version of Tundra Fizz's Chomper Wallpaper featuring Jinx's tattoos Pillows referencing Star Guardian Lux's Radiant Staff A bed sheet featuring Solari and Lunari insignias Battle Regalia Poppy Chromas: Amethyst,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali She was inspired by 'White Knight Poppy' by 'ChiZ'. Scarlet Hammer Poppy This skin shares the Dragon World theme with: Dragon Sorceress Zyra Dragon Trainer Lulu Dragonslayer Braum Dragonslayer Diana Dragonslayer Jarvan IV ...and others Dragonslayer Kayle Dragonslayer Trundle Dragonslayer Twitch Dragonslayer Vayne Dragonslayer Xin Zhao She might be referencing Spiral Knights . Star Guardian Poppy This skin shares the Star Guardian Season 1 theme with: Pajama Guardian Lulu Pajama Guardian Lux Star Guardian Janna Star Guardian Jinx Star Guardian Lulu Star Guardian Lux She references the magical girl genre of anime . Her outfit was loosely inspired by Umi Ryuuzaki from Magic Knight Rayearth and Sayaka Miki from Puella Magi Madoka Magica . Her strong sense of justice and taking the job way too serious was a reference to Sayaka Miki from Puella Magi Madoka Magica . Her Homeguard and Recall animations were loosely inspired by The Powerpuff Girls . Astronaut Teemo is flying in the background. Snow Fawn Poppy This skin shares the Winter Wonder theme with: Frostfire Annie Frozen Prince Mundo Ice King Twitch Poro Rider Sejuani Snow Man Yi ...and others Snowstorm Sivir Winter Wonder Karma Winter Wonder Lulu Winter Wonder Neeko Winter Wonder Orianna She was released in celebration of Snowdown Showdown 2017 along with: Santa Draven Ambitious Elf Jinx She might be referencing Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer . Hextech Poppy This skin shares the Hextech theme with: Hextech Alistar Hextech Amumu Hextech Annie Hextech Jarvan IV Hextech Kassadin ...and others Hextech Malzahar Hextech Renekton Hextech Sejuani Hextech Singed Hextech Ziggs Astronaut Poppy Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Chrono,  Citrine,  Peridot,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Astronauts theme with: Astronaut Bard Astronaut Corki Astronaut Fizz Astronaut Ivern Astronaut Kennen ...and others Astronaut Maokai Astronaut Singed Astronaut Teemo Astronaut Xerath AstroNautilus She shares the splash art with Astronaut Gnar . Astronaut Bard can be seen floating in the background, with chimes all over. Odyssey Jinx doll can be seen in the background of her splash art. Her Summoner icon is a reference to the cover art of StarCraft 2: Wings of Liberty . The skin description alludes to the lyrics of Space Oddity by David Bowie. Bewitching Poppy Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the Bewitching theme with: Bewitching Fiora Bewitching LeBlanc Bewitching Miss Fortune Bewitching Neeko Bewitching Nidalee ...and others Bewitching Senna Bewitching Tristana Bewitching Yuumi Prestige Bewitching Miss Fortune Prestige Bewitching Miss Fortune (2022) Cafe Cuties Poppy Chromas: Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Obsidian,  Peridot,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sandstone,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Cafe Cuties theme with: Cafe Cuties Annie Cafe Cuties Bard Cafe Cuties Gwen Cafe Cuties Jinx Cafe Cuties Lulu Cafe Cuties Rumble Cafe Cuties Sivir Cafe Cuties Soraka Cafe Cuties Vladimir References [ ]