For other uses see Poro (disambiguation) . For the Legends of Runeterra card, see 3 Poro Snax Poro-Snax edit "This savory blend of free-range, grass-fed Avarosan game hens and organic, non-ZMO Freljordian herbs contains the essential nutrients necessary to keep your Poro purring with pleasure. All proceeds will be donated towards fighting Noxian animal cruelty." Consume Serves a scrumptious scoop to a nearby Poro , causing it to grow in size . Limitations Limited to 1 Trinket item. Limited to 2 at a time. Recipe Cost Sell ID Special No Sell 2052 Availability HA ARAM Poro-Snax is a consumable item in League of Legends . It is exclusive to All Random All Mid . Notes Every player starts with a Poro-Snax in their trinket slot. Additional snax cannot be purchased, but the first turret kill grants all team members an additional Poro-Snax . Poros will attempt to run if you do not have a Poro-Snax . To feed a Poro, activate the item while near one. When attempting to feed a Poro when it is slightly outside than the Poro-Snax's range, the Poro will chase you. When feeding a Poro, it will run around in a circle, producing hearts and slightly grow in size . There is an easter egg where if a Poro is fed ten Poro-Snax , it will explode, generating eight small Poros . PENDING FOR TEST: Size modifier per fed Poro-Snax ? One Poro starts in each center brush and will normally run from champions. Because of this, they can give away your position by exiting the brush and being seen by the enemy. However, if the first champion to enter the brush has a Poro-Snax, the Poro will stay next to that champion. Fiddlesticks will need to use all of his Poro-Snax before being able to use his innate . Biscuit Delivery grants an additional Poro-Snax at 2:00 along with the first Total Biscuit of Everlasting Will . Poro Rider Sejuani starts the game with two Poro-Snax instead of one. Braum starts the game with two Poro-Snax instead of one. Killing the first turret while having 2 Poro-Snax will not grant him a third one, as a champion can only have 2 Poro-Snax at a time. As Braum , if you feed a Poro with a Poro-Snax , the Poro will grow a black mustache. As Dragonslayer Braum feeding a Poro with a Poro-Snax , it will grow an orange mustache instead. As El Tigre Braum feeding a Poro with a Poro-Snax , it will grow an orange mustache, similar to or the same as Dragonslayer Braum 's. As Sugar Rush Braum feeding a Poro with a Poro-Snax , it will grow an black mustache, similar to or the same as Original Braum 's. Old icons 1st version 2nd version Trivia They are the favorite food of a Poro . Its old icon is a blue recolor of the removed Total Biscuit of Rejuvenation's . On release, the patch notes stated that Poro-Snax cost 35 and could be purchased from the store. Media Fed Poro VFX Sound Effects Activation Link ▶️ Active SFX Link ▶️ Active SFX Link ▶️ Active SFX Link ▶️ Active SFX 