Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Pyke View in 3D 975 / 31-May-2018 Sand Wraith Pyke View in 3D 1350 / 31-May-2018 Blood Moon Pyke View in 3D 1350 / 10-Jan-2019 PROJECT: Pyke View in 3D 1820 / 01-Aug-2019 PsyOps Pyke View in 3D 1350 / 17-Sep-2020 Sentinel Pyke View in 3D 1350 / 22-Jul-2021 Empyrean Pyke View in 3D 1820 / 03-Nov-2022 Soul Fighter Pyke View in 3D 1350 / 20-Jul-2023 Prestige Soul Fighter Pyke View in 3D Special / 20-Jul-2023 Blood Moon Pyke Chromas Aquamarine Citrine Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Empyrean Pyke Chromas Emerald Neon Flare Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Turquoise PROJECT: Pyke Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Obsidian Pearl Reckoning Rose Quartz Ruby Turquoise PsyOps Pyke Chromas Emerald Hunter Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sandstone Sapphire Tanzanite Sand Wraith Pyke Chromas Catseye Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Sentinel Pyke Chromas Aquamarine Citrine Emerald Pearl Resolute Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Soul Fighter Pyke Chromas Citrine Emerald Limitless Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Turquoise Rare & Limited Ashen Knight Pyke View in 3D Special / 30-Mar-2022 Ashen Knight Pyke Chromas Emberwoken Screenshots [ ] Classic Pyke Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Double Crossed Champions killed with re-casts of Death From Below (R) Drowned Distance Distance travelled during Ghostwater Dive (W) Phantom Stuns Multiple (2+) champion hits with Phantom Undertow (E) Revenant Renewal Health regenerated from Gift of the Drowned Ones (P) Skewered Champions pulled with Bone Skewer (Q) Your Cut Extra gold generated with Death from Below (R) Trivia [ ] Original Pyke Trinket cameos. His Recall creature is nicknamed Nensi . His splash art has numerous specific cameo trinkets from all of Victor '3rdColossus' Maury previously developed splash arts, such as: Original Galio's chest design and Demacian crest. Original Gangplank's face and sword engraving (fan made splash art). Elderwood Hecarim's heart crystal. SKT T1 Renekton's visor piece. Beast Hunter Sejuani's bird mount tooth. Original Swain's collar button. Dark Star Thresh's piece of body. Dragon Trainer Tristana's necklace. Original Urgot's pressure indicator. Original Warwick's earring. Original Yorick's spade decoration. A sample of his theme will play after he kills a target with Death from Below . Sand Wraith Pyke Chromas: Catseye,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Guardian of the Sands theme with: Guardian of the Sands Janna Guardian of the Sands Kha'Zix Guardian of the Sands Rammus Guardian of the Sands Rengar Guardian of the Sands Ryze ...and others Guardian of the Sands Skarner Guardian of the Sands Xerath Risen Fiddlesticks Sandstorm Ekko Sandstorm Katarina In his splash art, a Shuriman Sun Disk can be seen in the background. His appearance was inspired by Bayek from the Assassin's Creed series. The color scheme of his Sapphire chroma shares a striking resemblance to Prince from Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time and his weapon Dagger of Time . This skin is a nod to one of the possible thematics Riot explored with Pyke, a sand wraith from Shurima. [1] In his 5 Legends of Runeterra artworks ( 5 Level 2 ) , Sandstorm Ekko and a mural of Nasus can be seen. Blood Moon Pyke Chromas: Aquamarine,  Citrine,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Blood Moon theme with: Blood Moon Akali Blood Moon Diana Blood Moon Evelynn Blood Moon Jhin Blood Moon Katarina ...and others Blood Moon Shen Blood Moon Sivir Blood Moon Thresh Blood Moon Tryndamere Blood Moon Zilean The mask he is wearing references the ones used in Japanese Noh theater. PROJECT: Pyke Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Reckoning,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Turquoise This skin shares the PROJECT theme with: Prestige PROJECT: Sylas Prestige PROJECT: Zed PROJECT: Akali PROJECT: Ekko PROJECT: Fiora ...and others PROJECT: Leona PROJECT: Renekton PROJECT: Sejuani PROJECT: Sylas PROJECT: Zed PROJECT: Irelia can be seen in the background of his splash art. A sample of the PROJECT: Outsiders theme will play after he kills a target with Death from Below . PsyOps Pyke Chromas: Emerald,  Hunter,  Obsidian,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sandstone,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Black Rose Group theme with: PsyOps Kayle PsyOps Samira PsyOps Viktor PsyOps Zed A sample of the PsyOps theme will play after he kills a target with Death from Below . Sentinel Pyke Chromas: Aquamarine,  Citrine,  Emerald,  Pearl,  Resolute,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Sentinels of Light theme with: Sentinel Diana Sentinel Graves Sentinel Irelia Sentinel Olaf Sentinel Rengar Sentinel Riven Sentinel Vayne This skin depicts Pyke's canonical appearance after becoming a Sentinel of Light . A sample of the Sentinels of Light theme will play after he kills a target with Death from Below . Ashen Knight Pyke Chromas: Emberwoken This skin shares the Ashen Knights theme with: Ashen Conqueror Pantheon Ashen Graveknight Mordekaiser Ashen Guardian Shen Ashen Slayer Sylas Empyrean Pyke Chromas: Emerald,  Neon Flare,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Turquoise This skin shares the Empyrean theme with: Empyrean Jax Empyrean Jhin Empyrean K'Sante Empyrean Lux Empyrean Vex Empyrean Zac Empyrean Zed Prestige Empyrean K'Sante Soul Fighter Pyke Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Limitless,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Soul Fighter theme with: Prestige Soul Fighter Pyke Prestige Soul Fighter Shaco Soul Fighter Evelynn Soul Fighter Gwen Soul Fighter Lux ...and others Soul Fighter Naafiri Soul Fighter Samira Soul Fighter Sett Soul Fighter Shaco Soul Fighter Viego Prestige Soul Fighter Pyke This skin shares the Soul Fighter theme with: Prestige Soul Fighter Shaco Soul Fighter Evelynn Soul Fighter Gwen Soul Fighter Lux Soul Fighter Naafiri ...and others Soul Fighter Pyke Soul Fighter Samira Soul Fighter Sett Soul Fighter Shaco Soul Fighter Viego References [ ] ↑ Possible thematics 2