Quotes are in-game sound effects that champions can say under certain circumstances. Some quotes follow rules in order to trigger. [1] Attack lines are triggered when clicking on an enemy champion and are usually short and violent. FirstEncounter lines are triggered when meeting an enemy champion for the first time. There can be a maximum of 5 lines per game, unless the game is on a special mode. On Aatrox these are coded to show up at 80% chance when meeting a champion in top lane and 50% chance for all the others. Move lines are triggered when clicking to move lesser than 900 units. Some LongMove lines are triggered when leaving base, mid tower is up, and clicking greater than 900 units. They are "preparatory" and longer, and since the player is probably heading back into battle, they are more emotional, internal, revealing, and speak to why the character is fighting. Etc.. In general, champions have got core "general minimum lines", so they have at least: 25 Move lines. 15 LongMove lines. 25 Attack lines. Etc... Then based on the position a champion plays in there may be other minimums. For example, a split pusher might have lines for destroying towers, while a support might have lines for placing wards. After filling these core minimums there can be specific gameplay needs ( Kled yelling "Chaaaaarge!" , Sion yelling "Cowards!" etc...). Finally there are "X" number of lines left. This is where you can have lines for "misc other stuff" e.g. lore, jokes, alleviating player pain (i.e. Zoe groaning "Oh, farn it!" when she misses a long Paddle Star ). This is where the writer prioritizes and makes judgement calls. Contents 1 Notes 2 Tags 3 Trivia 4 References Notes [ ] Champion interactions are based on their background and personality established in lore ("canonically grounded"), but Riot disclaims that such events are not necessarily establishing canon lore. Some interactions occur in the context of the game, and/or some are potential events in the context of lore. [2] This is in contrast to Legends of Runeterra quotes, which are canonical to what would happen in the hypotheticals the game creates. [3] Tags [ ] Champion skins (including original) possess optional metadata for certain quotes to trigger. metaDataTags Tag Description Use cases element Apparent magical element (e.g. light, dark) of the champion. Elementalist Lux faction Regional faction of the champion in Runeterra Prime . Original Ezreal gender Gender of the champion. High Noon Lucian High Noon Ashe race Species of the champion. Can sometimes be something different. Original Sett skinline Skinline of the champion's skin. Pulsefire Ezreal thememusic The spawn music to play upon game start. This is primarily used for skin-specific gameplay. Star Guardian Ahri Gun Goddess Miss Fortune Trivia [ ] Aatrox has more interactions with champions usually played in the top lane than any champion made before him. Some champion in-game can interact with each other. Rakan & Xayah . Lucian & Senna . (Their legendary skins don't). Kayle & Morgana . (Their legendary skins don't). Item quotes exist on some older champions, but the practice has been sunset due to the constant changes to gameplay elements. [4] References [ ] ↑ WAAARGHbobo on the LoL boards ↑ Quotes canon ↑ Ask Riot on the canonicity of LoR quotes ↑ Item Quote Sunsetting