Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Rakan View in 3D 975 / 18-Apr-2017 Cosmic Dawn Rakan View in 3D 1350 / 18-Apr-2017 Star Guardian Rakan View in 3D 1820 / 12-Sep-2019 Elderwood Rakan View in 3D 1350 / 10-Dec-2020 Arcana Rakan View in 3D 1350 / 14-Apr-2022 Broken Covenant Rakan View in 3D 1350 / 09-Mar-2023 Redeemed Star Guardian Rakan View in 3D 1820 / 11-Oct-2023 Dragonmancer Rakan View in 3D 1350 / 09-Jan-2024 Prestige Dragonmancer Rakan View in 3D Special / 09-Jan-2024 Arcana Rakan Chromas Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Broken Covenant Rakan Chromas Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Dragonmancer Rakan Chromas Amethyst Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Turquoise Elderwood Rakan Chromas Catseye Emberwood Emerald Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Star Guardian Rakan Chromas Aquamarine Rose Quartz Ruby Legacy Vault Sweetheart Rakan View in 3D 1350 / 12-Feb-2018 SSG Rakan View in 3D 1350 / 20-Jul-2018 iG Rakan View in 3D 1350 / 23-Apr-2019 Screenshots [ ] Classic Rakan Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Captivating Entrances Multiple (2+) champions knocked up with Grand Entrance (W) Dancefloor Defense Damage mitigated with Battle Dance (E) Eye Candy Multiple (2+) champions charmed with The Quickness (R) Busy Little Bird Total cooldown reduction to Fey Feathers (P) Spread the Love Multiple champions healed with Gleaming Quill (Q) Watch This Times Battle Dance (E), recast (E2) and Grand Entrance (W) all affected a champion within 3s Trivia [ ] Original Rakan His avian features combine those from many colorful male Galliformes , like roosters , peacocks , pheasants , and the mythical Phoenix . He resembles Tumnus from Narnia . He wears a shoulder pad made from a Raptor's skull and adorned with a couple of Xayah's feathers (she wears an identical one adorned with a couple of his ). He shares his splash art with Xayah . They are the first champions to share their Classic splash art, the other two being Kayle and Morgana . Cosmic Dawn Rakan This skin shares the Cosmic theme with: Cosmic Lux Cosmic Charger Hecarim Cosmic Defender Xin Zhao Cosmic Huntress Nidalee Cosmic Invoker Illaoi ...and others Cosmic Matriarch Bel'Veth Cosmic Paladin Nautilus Cosmic Paladins Nunu & Willump Cosmic Reaver Kassadin Cosmic Sting Skarner Dark Star Rhaast This skin was released along with: Cosmic Blade Master Yi Cosmic Dusk Xayah He might be referencing The Creation of Adam by Michelangelo . He was inspired by the Gemini constellation. Sweetheart Rakan This skin shares the Heartbreakers theme with: Heartbreaker Vi Heartpiercer Fiora Heartseeker Jinx Heartseeker Orianna Heartseeker Varus ...and others Heartseeker Vayne Heartseeker Yuumi Sweetheart Annie Sweetheart Sona Sweetheart Xayah He was released in celebration of Valentine's Day 2018 along with: Sweetheart Xayah SSG Rakan This skin shares the World Champions: 2017 theme with: SSG Ezreal SSG Gnar SSG Jarvan IV SSG Taliyah SSG Xayah He was released in celebration of SSG winning the Season 2017 World Championship along with: SSG Ezreal SSG Gnar SSG Jarvan IV SSG Taliyah SSG Xayah He represents CoreJJ . The idea for the Recall animation was thought up by CoreJJ himself and displays his signature. A side-by-side comparison can be seen here . The hat he wears in his solo Recall is a traditional hat for passing government tests in Korea . The idea for the shared Recall animation with SSG Xayah was thought up by Ruler and CoreJJ themselves. A side-by-side comparison can be seen here . They hold up a Summoner's Cup in their shared Recall animation. SSG Xayah and SSG Rakan are both references to Korean magpie . [1] iG Rakan This skin shares the World Champions: 2018 theme with: iG Camille iG Fiora iG Irelia iG Kai'Sa iG LeBlanc He was released in celebration of Invictus Gaming winning the Season 2018 World Championship along with: iG Camille iG Fiora iG Irelia iG Kai'Sa iG LeBlanc He represents Baolan . The idea for the Recall animation was thought up by Baolan himself and displays his signature. This is the first Rakan skin to not come with a complementary Xayah skin. Star Guardian Rakan Chromas: Aquamarine,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Star Guardian Season 3 theme with: Prestige Star Guardian Neeko Prestige Star Guardian Neeko (2022) Star Guardian Neeko Star Guardian Xayah Star Guardian Zoe Several of his animations are a reference to JoJo's Bizarre Adventure . His original non-corrupted form can briefly be seen when using Gleaming Quill , Grand Entrance and when recalling without Xayah . His fully corrupted form can briefly be seen when using The Quickness and when recalling. Riku, Rakan's familiar spirit, acts as his Gleaming Quill and Battle Dance . Elderwood Rakan Chromas: Catseye,  Emberwood,  Emerald,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Elderwood theme with: Elderwood Ahri Elderwood Azir Elderwood Bard Elderwood Hecarim Elderwood LeBlanc ...and others Elderwood Rek'Sai Elderwood Wukong Elderwood Xayah Old God Ivern Old God Warwick This skin is a direct reference to Oberon , a fairy king from medieval and Renaissance literature such as A Midsummer Night's Dream . Arcana Rakan Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Arcana theme with: Arcana Ahri Arcana Camille Arcana Hecarim Arcana Lucian Arcana Ryze Arcana Tahm Kench Arcana Xayah Arcana Xerath Broken Covenant Rakan Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Broken Covenant theme with: Broken Covenant Cho'Gath Broken Covenant Miss Fortune Broken Covenant Nocturne Broken Covenant Riven Broken Covenant Vladimir Broken Covenant Xayah Prestige Broken Covenant Miss Fortune Redeemed Star Guardian Rakan This skin shares the Star Guardian Season 4 theme with: Prestige Star Guardian Ekko Redeemed Star Guardian Xayah Star Guardian Akali Star Guardian Ekko Star Guardian Kai'Sa ...and others Star Guardian Nilah Star Guardian Orianna Star Guardian Senna Star Guardian Taliyah Star Nemesis Fiddlesticks References [ ] ↑ SSG Rakan and Xayah references