Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Rammus View in 3D 585 / 09-Jul-2009 Chrome Rammus View in 3D 750 / 17-May-2010 Freljord Rammus View in 3D 520 / 22-Nov-2010 Full Metal Rammus View in 3D 975 / 16-Aug-2012 Guardian of the Sands Rammus View in 3D 975 / 26-Apr-2015 Astronaut Rammus View in 3D 1350 / 01-Jul-2021 Astronaut Rammus Chromas Amethyst Catseye Citrine Emerald Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Legacy Vault Molten Rammus View in 3D 975 / 13-Jul-2010 Ninja Rammus View in 3D 975 / 17-May-2011 Sweeper Rammus View in 3D 975 / 14-Jun-2018 Sweeper Rammus Chromas Aquamarine Emerald Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Rare & Limited King Rammus View in 3D Special / 20-Oct-2009 Hextech Rammus View in 3D Special / 15-Aug-2019 Screenshots [ ] Full Metal Rammus Guardian of the Sands Rammus Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Alright Champions killed with reflected damage from Defensive Ball Curl (W) OK Takedowns on champions affected by Frenzying Taunt (E) Yeah Distance travelled during Powerball (Q) Cannonball! Champions hit by the inner circle of Soaring Slam (R) Power Spikes Reflected damage to champions with Defensive Ball Curl (W) Shell Protected Damage to champions with Spiked Shell (P) Trivia [ ] Original Rammus A part of Shurima desert can be seen in the background of his splash art. His very first splash art was directly tweaked for the first splash art of his King skin. King Rammus He references Bowser from the Mario franchise. He was unlocked by players who participated in the Closed Beta Test . He is one of the many skins that are unobtainable in the game. Ninja Rammus This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali He might be referencing Raphael from The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles . He featured in Vayne's live preview. Molten Rammus This skin shares the Infernal theme with: Charred Maokai Firefang Warwick Infernal Akali Infernal Alistar Infernal Amumu ...and others Infernal Diana Infernal Shen Scorched Earth Renekton Scorched Earth Xerath Wildfire Zyra When using Powerball , Rammus leaves a short fire trail behind him as he moves (purely cosmetic), this could be a reference to Flame Wheel from Pokémon . Freljord Rammus This skin shares the Freljord theme with: Freljord Ashe Freljord Sylas Freljord Taliyah Frost Queen Janna Frosted Ezreal Tundra Hunter Warwick Chrome Rammus This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali He might be referencing Google Chrome . Full Metal Rammus This skin shares the Heavy Metal theme with: Full Machine Viktor Full Metal Jayce Full Metal Pantheon Nunu & Willump Bot He might be referencing a Droideka from Star Wars . Guardian of the Sands Rammus This skin shares the Guardian of the Sands theme with: Guardian of the Sands Janna Guardian of the Sands Kha'Zix Guardian of the Sands Rengar Guardian of the Sands Ryze Guardian of the Sands Skarner ...and others Guardian of the Sands Xerath Risen Fiddlesticks Sand Wraith Pyke Sandstorm Ekko Sandstorm Katarina He resembles a Scarab amulet and/or Khepri . He might be referencing Anub'Arak from World of Warcraft . This skin had 11 potential skin chromas planned that didn't go past the conceptual phase. Sweeper Rammus Chromas: Aquamarine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Soccer Cup theme with: All-star Akali Goalkeeper Blitzcrank Goalkeeper Maokai Playmaker Lee Sin Red Card Katarina ...and others Red Card Twisted Fate Striker Ezreal Striker Lucian Superfan Gragas Sweeper Alistar He was released in celebration of the 2018 FIFA World Cup along with: Playmaker Lee Sin He is a soccer player in the sweeper position, along with being the ball itself. He also has an extra finger, however this fourth finger is removed for the Wild Rift version of this skin. Hextech Rammus This skin shares the Hextech theme with: Hextech Alistar Hextech Amumu Hextech Annie Hextech Kassadin Hextech Malzahar ...and others Hextech Poppy Hextech Renekton Hextech Sejuani Hextech Singed Hextech Ziggs Hextech Annie and Hextech Poppy can be seen in the background of his splash art. Astronaut Rammus Chromas: Amethyst,  Catseye,  Citrine,  Emerald,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the Astronauts theme with: Astronaut Bard Astronaut Corki Astronaut Fizz Astronaut Ivern Astronaut Maokai ...and others Astronaut Poppy Astronaut Singed Astronaut Teemo Astronaut Xerath AstroNautilus He was released along with: Astronaut Veigar References [ ]