Rapid Firecannon edit Stats +30 attack damage +20% attack speed +20% critical strike chance +7% movement speed Passive Unique – Energized : Moving and basic attacking generates Energize stacks, up to 100. Unique – Sharpshooter : When fully Energized , your next basic attack deals 60 bonus magic damage on-hit . Energized attacks gain 35% bonus range, capped at 150. Limitations Limited to 1 Rapid Firecannon . Recipe + + + 850 Cost Sell ID 3000 2100 3094 Availability SR 5v5 HA ARAM Nexus Blitz Arena Menu Marksman Attack Damage Critical Strike Attack Speed On-Hit Effects Movement Keywords canon rapidfire rfc Rapid Firecannon is a legendary item in League of Legends . Recipe Rapid Firecannon 3000 ( 850 ) Long Sword 350 Zeal 1100 ( 200 ) Cloak of Agility 600 Dagger 300 Kircheis Shard 700 ( 350 ) Long Sword 350 Cost Analysis Gold Value 30 attack damage = 1050 20% attack speed = 500 20% critical strike chance = 800 7% movement speed = 377. 65 Total Gold Value = 2727. 65 Gold efficiency Rapid Firecannon's base stats are 90. 92 % gold efficient. Similar items Phantom Dancer Runaan's Hurricane Statikk Shiv Stormrazor Kraken Slayer Notes Each basic attack on-attack generates 6 Energize stacks while 1 is generated for every 24 in-game units traveled. This includes but is not limited to normal or special forms of movement, using dashes or blinks , or being displaced to another location. Hitting abilities that apply on-hit effects will also generate 6 stacks. Voltaic Cyclosword's Galvanize increases the generation of Energize stacks by 75% for dashes and blinks as well as while moving in stealth . This means it grants 1. 75 stacks for every 24 units travelled during those effects. Sharpshooter deals proc damage , and thus will not trigger spell effects . Sharpshooter is not blocked by spell shield . Sharpshooter's on-hit damage is not tied to the attack empowered by its increased range. The minimum amount of attack range required in order to reach the maximum range cap for Sharpshooter is 428. 57 . Sharpshooter's range increase stacks additively with other sources of attack range and interacts with effects that scale with the stat. Effects that grant fixed attack range will not interact with Sharpshooter's range increase. Rapid Firecannon is an Energized effect and will stack with other sources of it. Energized effects will apply their on-hit damage to structures . The movement speed stat only increases flat movement speed, and will not interact with other percentage increases. Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit Sharpshooter bonus damage changed to 200. Energized stack per basic attack changed to 12. Energized stack per 24 units travelled changed to 2. Strategy Rapid Firecannon's passive extended range allows for a user to attack outside of their normal basic attack range for a single attack when the effect is fully charged. This is useful in situations where it would be dangerous for the user to attack within the range that they normally would; the user can attack from a safe distance. Rapid Firecannon's attack can be used in conjunction with other empowered attacks, especially those that apply crowd control . Rapid Firecannon can be purchased as an alternative to Phantom Dancer in situations where the increased range serves greater value over the increased attack speed. Old icons 1st version Trivia Pentakill's second volume, Pentakill II: Grasp of the Undying , named its ninth track after this item. Media Item VFX Trigger VFX Range indicator Sound Effects Energized Link ▶️ Rapid Firecannon Energized Ready SFX Link ▶️ Energized Ready SFX (with Statikk Shiv and Stormrazor ) Energized Attack Link ▶️ Sharpshooter Attack Hit SFX Link ▶️ Sharpshooter Attack Hit SFX Link ▶️ Sharpshooter Attack Hit SFX Link ▶️ Sharpshooter Attack Hit SFX Link ▶️ Sharpshooter Attack Hit SFX 