Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Renekton View in 3D 880 / 18-Jan-2011 Bloodfury Renekton View in 3D 975 / 26-Jul-2011 Scorched Earth Renekton View in 3D 975 / 10-Feb-2014 Pool Party Renekton View in 3D 975 / 09-Sep-2013 Prehistoric Renekton View in 3D 750 / 14-Jun-2015 Renektoy View in 3D 750 / 29-Mar-2017 Blackfrost Renekton View in 3D 1350 / 05-Mar-2020 PROJECT: Renekton View in 3D 1820 / 27-May-2021 Dawnbringer Renekton View in 3D 1350 / 20-Apr-2023 Blackfrost Renekton Chromas Aquamarine Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Dawnbringer Renekton Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Turquoise PROJECT: Renekton Chromas Catseye Emerald Reckoning Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Renektoy Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Tanzanite Legacy Vault Galactic Renekton View in 3D 520 / 18-Jan-2011 Outback Renekton View in 3D 520 / 18-Jan-2011 Rune Wars Renekton View in 3D 975 / 30-Apr-2012 SKT T1 Renekton View in 3D 975 / 17-Aug-2016 Worlds 2023 Renekton View in 3D 1350 / 11-Oct-2023 Worlds 2023 Renekton Chromas Catseye Destined Peridot Ruby Unlocked Rare & Limited Hextech Renekton View in 3D Special / 20-Dec-2018 Screenshots [ ] Rune Wars Renekton Pool Party Renekton Scorched Earth Renekton Prehistoric Renekton Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Angry Alligator Champions hit by Fury empowered abilities via Reign of Anger (P) Croc Combos Champions hit with 3 non-Ultimate Abilities within 3s Minced Champions hit with both Slice and Dice (E) Blocks Butchered Shield value destroyed with Empowered (W) Cullective Cure Healing from Cull The Meek (Q) while in champion combat Nothing Will Stop Me Takedowns during Dominus (R) Trivia [ ] Original Renekton He references Sobek from Egyptian mythology . His axe references the Alligator from Jackals and/or the Bat'leth from Star Trek . Outback Renekton This skin shares the Wonders of the World theme with: Bear Cavalry Sejuani Dynasty Ahri Masked Shaco Oktoberfest Gragas Panda Teemo ...and others Sultan Tryndamere Uncle Ryze Viking Tryndamere Vizier Malzahar Winged Hussar Xin Zhao He references Crocodile Dundee . His skin bio makes a reference to Steve Irwin . He resembles Leatherhead from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles . His scales are completely brown in the artwork but cobalt blue and brown in-game. Galactic Renekton This skin shares the Galactic theme with: Galactic Azir Galactic Nasus A headless statue of Galactic Nasus can be seen in the background, with the head under Renekton's foot. He references Stargate . He resembles an albino alligator. Bloodfury Renekton This skin shares the Bloodstone theme with: Blood Knight Hecarim Blood Lord Vladimir Bloodstone Lissandra Bloodstone Taric Dark Crystal Ryze Nightraven Fiora Standing in brush will sometimes make his tongue remain opaque while the rest of his body becomes translucent (he will still remain hidden) Rune Wars Renekton This skin shares the Otherroads theme with: Acolyte Lee Sin Demonblade Tryndamere Divine Soraka Foreseen Yasuo Noxus Poppy ...and others Prototype Viktor Redeemed Riven Runeguard Volibear Transcended Kayle Tyrant Swain His eyes turn green when using Ruthless Predator . Scorched Earth Renekton This skin shares the Infernal theme with: Charred Maokai Firefang Warwick Infernal Akali Infernal Alistar Infernal Amumu ...and others Infernal Diana Infernal Shen Scorched Earth Xerath Volcanic Wukong Wildfire Zyra He was redone a couple of times before being released. Pool Party Renekton This skin shares the Pool Party theme with: Pool Party Caitlyn Pool Party Draven Pool Party Fiora Pool Party Graves Pool Party Leona ...and others Pool Party Miss Fortune Pool Party Orianna Pool Party Sett Pool Party Zoe Pool Party Mundo In his splash art, Ahri , Gragas , Karthus , Kha'Zix , Bittersweet Lulu , Ryze , Teemo , and Urf in their Pool Party attire along with Pool Party Zac , and Pool Party Ziggs can be seen in the background. Prehistoric Renekton This skin shares the Prehistoric Hunters theme with: Beast Hunter Draven Beast Hunter Sejuani Beast Hunter Tryndamere Boneclaw Shyvana Huntress Sivir ...and others Prehistoric Anivia Prehistoric Cho'Gath Primal Udyr Sabretusk Sejuani Tribal Ryze He was released in celebration of the premiere of Jurassic World along with: Prehistoric Anivia Prehistoric Cho'Gath He was inspired by the Sarcosuchus and the Spinosaurus . Gnar can be seen in the far background above Renekton's tail. A figure resembling the cancelled champion Tabu can be seen in the background. SKT T1 Renekton This skin shares the World Champions: 2015 theme with: SKT T1 Alistar SKT T1 Azir SKT T1 Elise SKT T1 Kalista SKT T1 Ryze He was released in celebration of SKT T1 winning the Season 5 World Championship along with: SKT T1 Alistar SKT T1 Azir SKT T1 Elise SKT T1 Kalista SKT T1 Ryze He represents MaRin . Renektoy Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Toy Box theme with: Dino Gnar Grungy Nunu & Willump Moo Cow Alistar Pug'Maw Ragdoll Poppy Sewn Chaos Orianna Toy Soldier Gangplank Pug'Maw is chasing him and the others. He may be reference to the Battlesaurs from Toy Story In the skin, his spines on his back are a reference to the 60's kids toy "Lite-Brite" He was released in celebration of April Fools' Day 2017 along with: Moo Cow Alistar Super Kennen Pug'Maw Hextech Renekton This skin shares the Hextech theme with: Hextech Alistar Hextech Amumu Hextech Annie Hextech Jarvan IV Hextech Kassadin ...and others Hextech Malzahar Hextech Poppy Hextech Sejuani Hextech Singed Hextech Ziggs Blackfrost Renekton Chromas: Aquamarine,  Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Blackfrost theme with: Blackfrost Alistar Blackfrost Anivia Blackfrost Rek'Sai Blackfrost Sion Blackfrost Vel'Koz Ice Drake Shyvana He shares his splash art with Blackfrost Alistar . Blackfrost Anivia and Blackfrost Rek'Sai can be seen in the background of their splash art. PROJECT: Renekton Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Reckoning,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the PROJECT theme with: Prestige PROJECT: Sylas Prestige PROJECT: Zed PROJECT: Akali PROJECT: Ekko PROJECT: Fiora ...and others PROJECT: Leona PROJECT: Sejuani PROJECT: Sylas PROJECT: Warwick PROJECT: Zed The skin displays a functional HUD. The bar on the left is his rage. The bar on the right is the remaining duration of the ult. While he is in ultimate (not before, not after), kills will display a marker at the bottom of the screen, up to five for a Pentakill. Renekton can toggle between having his helmet permanently on or reacting to visible enemies within 300 units. This makes it the first skin where Renekton has a human-like appearance albeit cyberized. Dawnbringer Renekton Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Nightbringer and Dawnbringer theme with: Dawnbringer Karma Dawnbringer Nidalee Dawnbringer Vex Dawnbringer Yone Nightbringer Aphelios ...and others Nightbringer Kayn Nightbringer Nasus Nightbringer Tryndamere Nightbringer Vladimir Prestige Nightbringer Kayn References [ ]