Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Riven View in 3D 880 / 14-Sep-2011 Redeemed Riven View in 3D 975 / 14-Sep-2011 Crimson Elite Riven View in 3D 520 / 14-Sep-2011 Battle Bunny Riven View in 3D 975 / 06-Apr-2012 Arcade Riven View in 3D 1350 / 19-Aug-2015 Dawnbringer Riven View in 3D 1820 / 14-Jun-2017 Pulsefire Riven View in 3D 1350 / 17-May-2018 Valiant Sword Riven View in 3D 1350 / 26-Sep-2019 Spirit Blossom Riven View in 3D 1350 / 06-Aug-2020 Sentinel Riven View in 3D 1350 / 08-Jul-2021 Battle Bunny Prime Riven View in 3D 1350 / 31-Mar-2022 Broken Covenant Riven View in 3D 1820 / 09-Mar-2023 Primal Ambush Riven View in 3D 1350 / 24-Jan-2024 Arcade Riven Chromas K.O. Battle Bunny Riven Chromas Amethyst Astral Catseye Emerald Granite Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Battle Bunny Prime Riven Chromas Citrine Emerald Nightwire Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Broken Covenant Riven Chromas Aquamarine Emerald Obsidian Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Dawnbringer Riven Chromas Mythic Paragon Primal Ambush Riven Chromas Amethyst Citrine Emerald Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Pulsefire Riven Chromas Chrono Sentinel Riven Chromas Citrine Emerald Pearl Resolute Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Spirit Blossom Riven Chromas Catseye Emerald Night Blossom Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Legacy Vault Dragonblade Riven View in 3D 1350 / 28-Jan-2014 Reignited Worlds 2012 Riven View in 3D 975 / 25-Sep-2016 Dragonblade Riven Chromas Golden Reignited Worlds 2012 Riven Chromas Golden Rare & Limited Worlds 2012 Riven View in 3D 975 / 13-Oct-2012 Prestige Valiant Sword Riven View in 3D Special / 26-Sep-2019 Prestige Valiant Sword Riven (2022) View in 3D Special / 01-Apr-2022 Screenshots [ ] Battle Bunny Riven Championship Riven Dragonblade Riven Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Rune Weaves Runic Blade (P) Attacks against champions Target Combos Champions hit by all three casts of Broken Wings (Q) Windfalls Champions killed with Wind Slash (R2) Dashing Skillshots dodged with Valor (E) Schmovin' Distance travelled with Broken Wings (Q) and Valor (E) whilst in champion combat Strong Engager Multiple champions stunned with Ki Burst (W) or Knocked-up with Broken Wings (Q3) Trivia [ ] Original Riven The scene depicts her having used Blade of the Exile . Her artwork being changed four times before her release (five counting the one during her skin previews in her ' Champion Spotlight ') caused her to not be featured in an 'Art Spotlight.' Her Wild Rift redesign is based on her appearance in Awaken , which was also used in Legends of Runeterra . Redeemed Riven This skin shares the Otherroads theme with: Acolyte Lee Sin Demonblade Tryndamere Divine Soraka Foreseen Yasuo Noxus Poppy ...and others Prototype Viktor Rune Wars Renekton Runeguard Volibear Transcended Kayle Tyrant Swain Her sword can be seen during the game's Mac Version trailer . The in-game blade features a turquoise-colored light outlining the area where it was shattered. She might be referencing her initial backstory where she was a Demacian exile. Her clothes featured up to three different colors (red in concept art, blue in initial artwork, teal in-game). She resembles War from Darksiders . Crimson Elite Riven This skin shares the Crimson Elite theme with: Crimson Elite Talon She is a member of the Noxian counterpart to the Demacian Commandos . She was the second skin to celebrate the end of a Season without requiring players to achieve Gold+ rank to unlock (the first being Judgment Kayle ). Battle Bunny Riven Chromas: Amethyst,  Astral,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Granite,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire This skin shares the Day Job theme with: Almost-Prom King Amumu Boom Boom Blitzcrank Corporate Mundo Fisherman Fizz French Maid Nidalee ...and others Matador Alistar Prestigious LeBlanc Primetime Draven Prom Queen Annie Scuba Gragas She was released in celebration of Easter 2012 . She references a Playboy Bunny . She was conceived as 'Bunny Girl Riven' by the playerbase and later hinted at during April Fools' Day 2012 (her in-client profile briefly featured her as 'unavailable' before being patched out soon after). Tyrant Swain (before his release), Talon , pre-rework Urgot , Vladimir , and Zac (before his release) can be seen in the background. Worlds 2012 Riven This skin shares the World Championship theme with: Reignited Worlds 2012 Riven Worlds 2013 Thresh Worlds 2014 Shyvana Worlds 2016 Zed Worlds 2018 Kha'Zix ...and others Worlds 2019 Ryze Worlds 2020 LeBlanc Worlds 2021 Jarvan IV Worlds 2022 Azir Worlds 2023 Renekton As a promotional or event limited skin, she was given away at gaming conventions and events and will never be available for purchase in the store after Worlds 2012. [1] She holds the unique distinction of being the only Limited Edition Championship skin , as the others are Legacy skins . She was released in celebration of the Season 2 World Championship . [2] She was only obtainable through purchase in the store during then as well as for free via achieving a perfect pick in Worlds Pick'em 2015. [3] She started out as a regular skin that had to be redesigned for the Season Two Finals. During the Season 6 World Championship, she received visual tweaks, namely eafturing a crown on her head and added extra particle effects on her sword for those who unlocked her in Season 2 . [4] This was done to differentiate her with another version of this skin, Reignited Worlds 2012 Riven that was also released for Worlds 2016. Additional details are listed below at her own skin trivia. She references the Roman II , which is featured on her chest and back while Valor is active, and her sword being broken in two pieces. Her sword was inspired by the blue fire crater from Ijen and resembles the Roman I during Blade of the Exile . Other Limited Edition skins that were re-released in another form include: PAX Sivir (through Neo PAX Sivir ) Urf the Manatee (through Urfwick ) Neo PAX Jax (through PAX Jax ) Dragonblade Riven Chromas: Golden This skin shares the Lunar Revel: Warring Kingdoms theme with: Dragonblade Talon Warring Kingdoms Azir Warring Kingdoms Garen Warring Kingdoms Jarvan IV Warring Kingdoms Katarina Warring Kingdoms Nidalee Warring Kingdoms Tryndamere Warring Kingdoms Vi Warring Kingdoms Xin Zhao Representing the path of freedom , she was released in celebration of Lunar Revel 2014 (Year of the Horse ) along with: Lunar Goddess Diana She represented the path of truth . Warring Kingdoms Tryndamere He represented the path of power . Arcade Riven Chromas: K.O. This skin shares the Arcade: Heroes theme with: Arcade Ahri Arcade Caitlyn Arcade Corki Arcade Ezreal Arcade Hecarim ...and others Arcade Kai'Sa Arcade Miss Fortune Arcade Sona Prestige Arcade Caitlyn Prestige Arcade Caitlyn (2022) Her right glove resembles Final Boss Veigar 's right glove. She references a fighting game (her artwork references a character select screen while 'KO!' aka 'knock out!' appears when she dies in-game). Her weapon resembles the Ultra Sword from Kirby's Return to Dream Land . She scrolls through all versions of her sword ( Original Riven's and Dawnbringer Riven's are missing) while recalling . Reignited Worlds 2012 Riven Chromas: Golden This skin shares the World Championship theme with: Worlds 2012 Riven Worlds 2013 Thresh Worlds 2014 Shyvana Worlds 2016 Zed Worlds 2018 Kha'Zix ...and others Worlds 2019 Ryze Worlds 2020 LeBlanc Worlds 2021 Jarvan IV Worlds 2022 Azir Worlds 2023 Renekton She was released in celebration of the Season 6 World Championship . [5] She became a Legacy skin like all the other Championship skins following the event while the original Worlds 2012 Riven remained a Limited Edition skin. With her release, she along with a special loading screen border for Worlds 2012 Riven was automatically given to all owners of Worlds 2012 Riven . [6] She is the 'original incarnation' model of Worlds 2012 Riven , therefore she lacks the crown and the added extra particle effects on her sword. Other re-released versions of Limited Edition skins include: Neo PAX Sivir (of PAX Sivir ) Urfwick (of Urf the Manatee ) Neo PAX Jax (of PAX Jax ) Dawnbringer Riven Chromas: Mythic,  Paragon This skin shares the Nightbringer and Dawnbringer theme with: Dawnbringer Karma Dawnbringer Nidalee Dawnbringer Renekton Dawnbringer Vex Dawnbringer Yone ...and others Nightbringer Kayn Nightbringer Nasus Nightbringer Tryndamere Nightbringer Vladimir Prestige Nightbringer Kayn During the development period, the skin was called "Angelblade Riven." She resembles Patroklos from Soulcalibur V . Mythological inspirations are possibly the Indo-European Dawn Maiden Hausos & the Semitic angels . Her splash art is part of a larger picture in which she is fighting Nightbringer Yasuo . Dawnbringer Riven is the original Being of Order. Dawnbringer / Nightbringer Soraka was born from the aftermath of the battle between her and Nightbringer Yasuo , and considers Riven as her mother. Dawnbringer Soraka summons a blade similar to hers when using Starcall . She is also an ancestor to God-King Garen . Her empowered form appears after using Blade of the Exile . Pulsefire Riven Chromas: Chrono This skin shares the Pulsefire theme with: Prestige Pulsefire Thresh Prestige Pulsefire Thresh (2022) Pulsefire Caitlyn Pulsefire Ekko Pulsefire Ezreal ...and others Pulsefire Fiora Pulsefire Pantheon Pulsefire Shen Pulsefire Thresh Pulsefire Twisted Fate She is chasing Pulsefire Twisted Fate , as seen in the background of his splash art. She and Pulsefire Twisted Fate can be seen in the background of Pulsefire Shen's splash art, teleporting towards him. Valiant Sword Riven This skin shares the Immortal Journey theme with: Enduring Sword Talon Eternal Sword Yi God Staff Jax Immortal Journey Kayle Immortal Journey Shyvana ...and others Immortal Journey Zed Immortal Journey Zeri Prestige Valiant Sword Riven Prestige Valiant Sword Riven (2022) Soaring Sword Fiora The skin was released alongside: Majestic Empress Morgana Splendid Staff Nami Prestige Valiant Sword Riven Prestige Valiant Sword Riven This skin shares the Immortal Journey theme with: Enduring Sword Talon Eternal Sword Yi God Staff Jax Immortal Journey Kayle Immortal Journey Shyvana ...and others Immortal Journey Zed Immortal Journey Zeri Prestige Valiant Sword Riven (2022) Soaring Sword Fiora Valiant Sword Riven The skin was released alongside: Majestic Empress Morgana Splendid Staff Nami Valiant Sword Riven The skin depicts a possible future when Valiant Sword Riven defeats Majestic Empress Morgana and becomes an empress herself. Spirit Blossom Riven Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Night Blossom,  Obsidian,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Spirit Blossom theme with: Prestige Spirit Blossom Teemo Spirit Blossom Ahri Spirit Blossom Darius Spirit Blossom Evelynn Spirit Blossom Kindred ...and others Spirit Blossom Sett Spirit Blossom Teemo Spirit Blossom Thresh Spirit Blossom Yone Spirit Blossom Yorick She represents the Spirit of Despair in the Spirit Blossom festival. Sentinel Riven Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Pearl,  Resolute,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Sentinels of Light theme with: Sentinel Diana Sentinel Graves Sentinel Irelia Sentinel Olaf Sentinel Pyke Sentinel Rengar Sentinel Vayne The skin represents Riven's canon appearance during the events of Rise of the Sentinels . Battle Bunny Prime Riven Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Nightwire,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Anima Squad theme with: Battle Bat Vayne Battle Bunny Miss Fortune Battle Cat Jinx Battle Wolf Sylas Prestige Battle Cat Jinx This skin is part of a thematic reboot of the earlier Battle Bunny Riven skin. She was the predecessor to Battle Bunny Miss Fortune before she mysteriously vanished, leaving Fortune to fill her role in the Anima Squad. Broken Covenant Riven Chromas: Aquamarine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Broken Covenant theme with: Broken Covenant Cho'Gath Broken Covenant Miss Fortune Broken Covenant Nocturne Broken Covenant Rakan Broken Covenant Vladimir Broken Covenant Xayah Prestige Broken Covenant Miss Fortune Her dance references both the Griddy dance and the Cat Breakdancing meme. References [ ] ↑ Guide to Legacy and Limited Skins ↑ Celebrate Season Two with Championship Riven ↑ Worlds Pick'em | League of Legends World Championship 2015 ↑ An update on Championship Riven ↑ WORLDS HITS THE RIFT ↑ An update on Championship Riven