Runaan's Hurricane edit Stats +40% attack speed +20% critical strike chance +7% movement speed Passive Unique – Peck : Basic attacks deal 30 bonus magic damage on-hit . Unique – Wind's Fury : Basic attacks on-attack fire additional bolts at up to 2 enemies in front of you , each dealing 40% AD physical damage . Bolts apply on-hit effects at 100% effectiveness and are affected by critical strike modifiers. The bolts will target the closest enemies to you that are not the main target. Limitations Limited to 1 Runaan's Hurricane . Can only be purchased on ranged champions. Recipe + + 1000 Cost Sell ID 2800 1960 3085 Availability SR 5v5 HA ARAM Nexus Blitz Arena Menu Marksman Critical Strike Attack Speed On-Hit Effects Movement Runaan's Hurricane is a legendary item in League of Legends . Recipe Runaan's Hurricane 2800 ( 1000 ) Recurve Bow 700 ( 400 ) Dagger 300 Zeal 1100 ( 200 ) Cloak of Agility 600 Dagger 300 Cost Analysis Gold Value 40% attack speed = 1000 20% critical strike chance = 800 7% movement speed = 377. 65 Total Gold Value = 2177. 65 Peck Gold Value 30 on-hit damage = 649. 99998 Total Gold Value = 2827. 64998 Gold efficiency Runaan's Hurricane's base stats are 100. 99 % gold efficient. Similar items Phantom Dancer Rapid Firecannon Guinsoo's Rageblade Wit's End Blade of the Ruined King Kraken Slayer Terminus Nashor's Tooth Statikk Shiv Notes Wind's Fury deals basic damage , and thus will not trigger spell effects . The effect's damage is tagged as area of effect , and thus will apply vamp at 33% effectiveness. Wind's Fury is an auto-targeted effect. Wind's Fury's bolts: Deal the same damage type and apply the same hit effects as basic attacks would. This means that they apply life steal , trigger on-hit effects (excluding Vayne's Silver Bolts ), can critically strike , draw minion aggro and can be parried by effects such as dodge , block , and blind . They will only critically strike if the primary attack would do so (with the exception of guaranteed critical strikes). They do not trigger on-attack effects . Are blockable projectiles . Have a missile speed of 2000. Of the unique override variants, Ashe's Ranger's Focus' and Kalista's Runaan's missiles are the only ones with a different speed of 2500. Does not target structures nor wards . Deals 0 physical damage on-hit to the primary target that is occasionally able to stack Black Cleaver's Carve . (bug) Wind's Fury's damage is unaffected if the primary attack deals modified damage, with the exceptions of Ashe's Ranger's Focus and Jinx's Fishbones . Wind's Fury will not trigger effects that were already consumed by the primary attack, but will do so if they are not consumed. Shapeshifting champions can purchase Runaan's Hurricane but cannot trigger Wind's Fury without being in their ranged form. The movement speed stat stacks additively with other percentage movement speed modifiers. Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit Attack speed changed to 55%. Wind's Fury AD ratio changed to 70% AD . New Effect: Wind's Fury now scales with 42% AP . Strategy Runaan's Hurricane is most effective when paired with on-hit effects that can be applied through its bolts. Runaan's Hurricane can also be used to increase the effectiveness of life steal since the bolts benefit from the stat with their damage. Runaan's Hurricane is highly effective in taking down multiple enemies at a time with its bolts. Old icons 1st version Trivia Runaan's Hurricane is named after Devon 'Runaan' Giehl , an Associate Creative Designer at Riot Games. Runaan's Hurricane is actually a small floating orb that accompanies you around the battlefield, functioning similar to Lulu's Pix, Faerie Companion . The effect's name Wind's Fury is a reference to Windfury Weapon , a Shaman Specialization in World of Warcraft . The item may have been inspired by the alpha item Hurricane , which was also a bow, though Hurricane's Alpha effect is unknown. In Minecraft Hypixel SkyBlock , there are two items named after this: the Runaan's Bow and the Hurricane Bow . Media Bolt VFX Sound Effects Passive Triggered Link ▶️ Attack Cast SFX Link ▶️ Bolt SFX 