"You belong in a museum!" This article or section may contain obsolete information, but exists here for historical purposes. This item has been removed on patch V14.1 . Runesteel Spaulders edit Stats +6 attack damage +100 health +75% base health regeneration + 3 per 10 seconds Active Unique – Warding : Consumes a charge to place a Stealth Ward at the target location, which grants sight of the surrounding area. Charges refill upon visiting the shop (3 charges; 600 range). Passive Unique – Spoils of War : Grants a charge every 35 seconds, up to 3 charges. Basic attacks can consume a charge to execute minions below 50% of their maximum health . Killing a minion by any means with a charge grants you and the nearest allied champion kill gold . These effects require an allied champion to be nearby . Receive diminishing gold from excessive minion kills. Unique – Quest : Earn 500 using this item to upgrade to Pauldrons of Whiterock , increasing the Warding active to instead have 4 wards in stock. Limitations Limited to 1 Support / Jungle item. warding Recipe + 0 Cost Sell ID 400 160 3855 Availability SR 5v5 Menu Tank Supporter Attack Damage Health & Regeneration Keywords Support Economy Gold Sightstone Ward Runesteel Spaulders was an epic item in League of Legends . It was exclusive to Classic Summoner's Rift 5v5 . Recipe Runesteel Spaulders 400 (Special) Steel Shoulderguards 400 Cost Analysis Gold efficiency Runesteel Spaulders' base stats were <span class="basic-tooltip" style="border-bottom:1px dotted gray;cursor:help;" title=" Expression error: Unexpected < operator. "> Expression error: Missing operand for /. % gold efficient. Assuming Runesteel Spaulders' user kills the most valuable minions available, Spoils of War provides: 14. 28 per 10 seconds to the user, while also sharing that same gold with the lane partner. Between 15 and 25 minutes, this is increased to 19. 14 per 10 . After 25 minutes, this is futher increased to 25. 71 per 10 . Similar items Frostfang Harrowing Crescent Targon's Buckler Notes Quest's reward is only granted if the user has not been in combat within the last 5 seconds. Completing the Quest only grants 1 charge for Warding . Visiting the shop is required to refill the charges. Spoils of War's execute against minions counts as a minion kill for the allied champion that was granted the kill gold. "Receive diminishing gold from excessive minion kills" : Before 5 minutes, increasing your creep score by 10 or more (from killing minions) in the last 5 minutes reduces gold from minion kills by 80%. After 5 minutes, the limit is increased to 20 creep score and gold from minion kills is instead reduced by 50% − 80% (based on creep score) . Strategy Runesteel Spaulders is typically purchased by supports who would prefer to assist their lane partner rather than harrass the opposition. Old icons 1st version Trivia The amount of gold gained with the item is indicated in-game by the Gold Quest tooltip. Frostfang , Harrowing Crescent , Runesteel Spaulders , and Targon's Buckler are a set of items available since Season Ten that were designed for Support . Completing the quest send the following chat message to the team: "Summoner (Champion) Quest Complete! Completion Time: XX:XX" . Media Charge VFX Execute VFX Grant Gold VFX Stealth Ward Stealthed Sound Effects Spoils of War Triggered Link ▶️ Passive SFX Link ▶️ Passive SFX Link ▶️ Passive SFX Quest Complete Link ▶️ Passive SFX 