"You belong in a museum!" This article or section may contain obsolete information, but exists here for historical purposes. This item has been removed on patch V10.23 . Runic Echoes edit Stats +80 ability power +10% cooldown reduction +300 mana Passive Unique – Echo : Grants 1 charge per 35 units traveled by any means or 10 charges per ability cast. At 100 charges, the next instance of ability damage dealt expends all charges to deal 60 (+ 10% AP) bonus magic damage to the first enemy hit and to 3 enemies within 600 range, prioritizing enemies damaged by the ability and champions over minions . Echo deals 「 250% damage 」 「 150 (+ 25% AP) magic damage 」 to large monsters . Hitting a large monster with this effect restores 25% of your missing mana . Recipe + + 250 Cost Sell ID 1500 1050 N/A Availability SR 5v5 Builds into Skirmisher's Sabre Stalker's Blade Menu Magic>Ability Power Movement>Other Movement Items Keywords jungle blue enchantment runeglaive Runic Echoes was an enchantment in League of Legends . It was exclusive to Classic Summoner's Rift 5v5 . Recipe Runic Echoes 1500 ( 250 ) Fiendish Codex 900 ( 250 ) Amplifying Tome 400 Glowing Mote 250 Sapphire Crystal 350 Possible Upgrades for Skirmisher's Sabre Stalker's Blade Cost Analysis Gold Value 10% cooldown reduction = 266. 67 300 mana = 420 80 ability power = 1740 Total Gold Value = 2426. 67 Gold efficiency Runic Echoes' base stats were 161. 78 % gold efficient. Due to being an Enchantment , for this calculation it should be considered that this item is combined with either Skirmisher's Sabre or Stalker's Blade . Similar items Bloodrazor Cinderhulk Warrior Luden's Echo Statikk Shiv Notes Item VFX Runic Echoes replaces Runeglaive that itself replaced the Magus enchantment. Runic Echoes same as Luden's Echo will trigger on any source of damage which triggers spell effects , regardless of the type of damage . Each ability cast will generate 10 charges. Toggled and transformation abilities do not trigger on-cast effects, and thus do not grant charges. Examples include Karthus' Defile , Singed's Poison Trail , Jayce's Cannon / Hammer , Elise's Spider Form / Human Form and Nidalee's Aspect of the Cougar . Moving by any means provides 1 charge for every 35 in-game units traveled. This includes but is not limited to simple movement, using dashes or blinks , being moved while attached to another unit or being displaced to another location. The damage dealt by Runic Echoes applies spell effects as area damage . Spell vamp is reduced to one-third effectiveness. Rylai's Crystal Scepter will apply a 20% slow. Note that Runic Echoes does not affect the classification of the triggering ability - a single-target ability, such as Blinding Dart , is still treated a single-target ability for applying its own spell effects. Runic Echoes will not apply champion-specific spell effects, such as Blaze , nor duplicate the effects of a champion ability (e.g. Blinding Dart will not blind all enemies hit and Baleful Strike will not generate AP for every enemy hit). The following empowered attacks and attack bonus effects will trigger Runic Echoes's damage, as they deal spell damage or area damage , or at least 0 spell damage in addition to their basic attack damage : Bard's Traveler's Call ( meeps ) Cho'Gath's Vorpal Spikes Gragas' Drunken Rage Jax's Empower and Grandmaster's Might Kayle's Starfire Spellblade Kennen's Electrical Surge Kha'Zix's Unseen Threat Leona's Shield of Daybreak Twisted Fate's Pick a Card Ekko's Phase Dive Echo's bounce grants vision around you to the enemies. (bug) Icons Skirmisher's Sabre Stalker's Blade Tracker's Knife 