Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Ryze View in 3D 260 / 21-Feb-2009 Uncle Ryze View in 3D 520 / 03-Jul-2010 Dark Crystal Ryze View in 3D 975 / 20-Feb-2012 Ryze Whitebeard View in 3D 750 / 07-Dec-2015 Guardian of the Sands Ryze View in 3D 1350 / 22-Jan-2020 Arcana Ryze View in 3D 1350 / 14-Apr-2022 Arcana Ryze Chromas Amethyst Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Turquoise Guardian of the Sands Ryze Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Citrine Emerald Obsidian Ruby Legacy Vault Tribal Ryze View in 3D 520 / 04-Mar-2010 Professor Ryze View in 3D 975 / 05-Oct-2010 Zombie Ryze View in 3D 975 / 19-Oct-2010 Pirate Ryze View in 3D 975 / 26-Oct-2012 SKT T1 Ryze View in 3D 975 / 17-Aug-2016 Worlds 2019 Ryze View in 3D 1350 / 26-Sep-2019 Worlds 2019 Ryze Chromas Golden Rare & Limited Young Ryze View in 3D Special / 17-Jul-2009 Triumphant Ryze View in 3D Special / 31-Aug-2010 Screenshots [ ] Dark Crystal Ryze Pirate Ryze Classic Ryze (Gameplay Update) Classic Ryze (Visual & Gameplay Update) Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Realm Ganks Champions killed within 10s of arriving via Realm Warp (R) Runic Jailor Champions rooted with Rune Prison (W) Spell Slinger Champions hit with Overload (Q) after bouncing via Spell Flux (E) Overloaded Damage  to champions with Overload (Q) Ruin Mage Consecutive hits on champions with Overload (Q) Runenation Times Overload's (Q) cooldown has been reduced while in champion combat. Trivia [ ] Original Ryze In his splash art, Ryze is seen using Realm Warp to escape with a Yellow World Rune from a servant of the Watchers . Many players jokingly refer to the World Rune in the splash art as an ice cream cone . His very first splash art was directly tweaked for the first splash art of his Human (now called Young ) skin. Young Ryze This skin shares the Collector's Edition theme with: Black Alistar Silver Kayle As one of the four Collector's Edition skins, he was only be obtainable through digital or retail Collector's Edition packs. [1] He himself was obtainable through pre-ordering the Retail Collector's Edition pack. The others are: Black Alistar (Pre-ordered Digital Collector's Pack ) Goth Annie ( Digital Collector's Pack ) Silver Kayle ( Retail Collector's Edition ) He was named 'Human Ryze' prior to Ryze's Visual and Gameplay Update in 2016 . This is the first skin to be fully renamed, the second being Crimson Akali and the third being Transcended Kayle . Pre-fall Shurima can be seen in the background. Uncle Ryze This skin shares the Wonders of the World theme with: Bear Cavalry Sejuani Dynasty Ahri Masked Shaco Oktoberfest Gragas Outback Renekton ...and others Panda Teemo Sultan Tryndamere Viking Tryndamere Vizier Malzahar Winged Hussar Xin Zhao He references Uncle Sam and his posters. This is also the first splash artwork where the champion himself/herself is not physically present. Katarina's blade can be seen shoved in the wall where the poster is placed. A drawing of Twisted Fate's cards can be seen on the top left side of the poster. When using Realm Warp , a red-tailed hawk screeches (just like when Statue of Karthus dances), parodying real-life dubbing for the bald eagle's smoother, higher-pitched cheeps & tweets . Tribal Ryze This skin shares the Prehistoric Hunters theme with: Beast Hunter Draven Beast Hunter Sejuani Beast Hunter Tryndamere Boneclaw Shyvana Huntress Sivir ...and others Prehistoric Anivia Prehistoric Cho'Gath Prehistoric Renekton Primal Udyr Sabretusk Sejuani He might be referencing Zeus . Professor Ryze This skin shares the Academy theme with: Academy Ahri Academy Darius Academy Ekko Academy Vladimir Headmistress Fiora Pictures of all the Academy skins (except Academy Ekko ) can be seen in the background. He features in the game client's Tutorial menu. Zombie Ryze This skin shares the Zombies VS Slayers theme with: Zombie Brand Zombie Nunu & Willump Zombie Slayer Jinx Zombie Slayer Pantheon He was released in celebration of Harrowing 2010 along with: Mundo Mundo Pumpkinhead Fiddlesticks Kitty Cat Katarina Lollipoppy Nosferatu Vladimir Triumphant Ryze He is only available to those who win official competition matches. He used to be called 'Champion Ryze' and later 'Trophy Ryze'. Dark Crystal Ryze This skin shares the Bloodstone theme with: Blood Knight Hecarim Blood Lord Vladimir Bloodfury Renekton Bloodstone Lissandra Bloodstone Taric Nightraven Fiora He is fighting Noxian soldiers. His magic attack on the soldier might be referencing Cole MacGrath from Infamous using Bio Leech . He was inspired by the Eredar from Warcraft . The name might be a reference to the The Dark Crystal series. Pirate Ryze This skin shares the Bilgewater: Burning Tides theme with: Bilgewater Katarina Buccaneer Tristana Captain Gangplank Captain Fortune Cutpurse Twisted Fate ...and others Cutthroat Graves Fiddle Me Timbers Kingpin Twitch Rogue Admiral Garen Sea Hunter Aatrox He was released in celebration of Harrowing 2012 along with: Zombie Brand Headmistress Fiora Headless Hecarim Haunted Maokai Underworld Twisted Fate He casts Overload by firing his cannon. The old splash art features several other champions that share the pirate theme. From left to right, these champions are: Bilgerat Rumble , Fiddle Me Timbers , Bilgewater Katarina , Buccaneer Tristana and Bilgewater Swain . Ryze Whitebeard This skin shares the Rift Quest theme with: Bard Bard Braum Lionheart Demolisher Nunu & Willump Gragas Caskbreaker Lord Darius ...and others Rageborn Mundo Rugged Garen Sejuani Dawnchaser Twitch Shadowfoot Varus Swiftbolt He was released along with: Braum Lionheart Gragas Caskbreaker Varus Swiftbolt He references a traditional tabletop role-playing game . He references Elminster Aumar from Dungeons & Dragons . He has a Mana Potion strapped to his belt, Rylai's Crystal Scepter tugged inside his giant scroll, is holding the Netherstride Grimoire in his hand, and wrapped around his giant scroll is an equally giant staff crowned by what appears to be the Guardian's Orb . He is also wearing Wooglet's Witchcap . Rejected names for this skin include 'Ryze the Azure Conjurer', 'Ryze the Ageless Conjurer' and 'Wizard Ryze'. [2] SKT T1 Ryze This skin shares the World Champions: 2015 theme with: SKT T1 Alistar SKT T1 Azir SKT T1 Elise SKT T1 Kalista SKT T1 Renekton He was released in celebration of SKT T1 winning the Season 5 World Championship along with: SKT T1 Alistar SKT T1 Azir SKT T1 Elise SKT T1 Kalista SKT T1 Renekton He represents Faker and is the second World Championship victory skin for him. It was preceded by SKT T1 Zed . It was succeeded by SKT T1 Syndra . His Recall animation references some aspects of Faker. The tumble roll he performs at the end references the same tumble Faker performed upon his introduction at the Season 5 World Championship Grand Finals. The laptop held by Ryze shows an image of broccoli on the screen during his Recall . This references a fan that stated that Faker's hair resembles broccoli. Faker responded by saying that he would eat a head of broccoli if SKT T1 won the Season 5 Championship Grand Finals. He would follow through with this promise by eating a piece of broccoli on stage immediately after SKT T1's victory. His scroll is replaced with the Summoner's Cup . Worlds 2019 Ryze Chromas: Golden This skin shares the World Championship theme with: Reignited Worlds 2012 Riven Worlds 2012 Riven Worlds 2013 Thresh Worlds 2014 Shyvana Worlds 2016 Zed ...and others Worlds 2018 Kha'Zix Worlds 2020 LeBlanc Worlds 2021 Jarvan IV Worlds 2022 Azir Worlds 2023 Renekton He was released in celebration of the Season 9 World Championship. The skin references the Summoners . Guardian of the Sands Ryze Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Ruby This skin shares the Guardian of the Sands theme with: Guardian of the Sands Janna Guardian of the Sands Kha'Zix Guardian of the Sands Rammus Guardian of the Sands Rengar Guardian of the Sands Skarner ...and others Guardian of the Sands Xerath Risen Fiddlesticks Sand Wraith Pyke Sandstorm Ekko Sandstorm Katarina Arcana Ryze Chromas: Amethyst,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Turquoise This skin shares the Arcana theme with: Arcana Ahri Arcana Camille Arcana Hecarim Arcana Lucian Arcana Rakan Arcana Tahm Kench Arcana Xayah Arcana Xerath References [ ] ↑ Guide to Legacy and Limited Skins ↑ /DEV: ON NAMING SKINS