Games Universe • League of Legends • Teamfight Tactics • Legends of Runeterra • Wild Rift Image Samira Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Samira the Desert Rose Release date 2020-09-21 Last changed V13.23 Class(es) Marksman Legacy Marksman Position(s) Bottom Resource Mana Range type Ranged Adaptive type Physical Store price 3150 | 790 Crafting + 1890 Ratings Damage 3 Toughness 2 Control 1 Mobility 3 Utility 1 Style Difficulty Champion Spotlight Samira Champion Spotlight Samira is a champion in League of Legends . [1] Gameplay • Cosmetics • Audio • Development • Patch History • History • Trivia Base statistics Samira Edit Health 630 +108 Mana 349 +38 Health regen. (per 5s) 3.25 +0.55 Mana regen. (per 5s) 8.2 +0.7 Armor 26 +4.7 Attack damage 57 +3.3 Magic resist. 30 +1.3 Crit. damage 175% Move. speed 335 Attack range 500 Attack speed Base AS 0.658 Attack windup 15% AS ratio N/A Bonus AS +3.3 % Missile speed 2800 Unit radius Gameplay radius 65 Selection radius 100 Pathing radius 41 Acq. radius 800 Special statistics ARAM Nexus Blitz One For All URF Ult Spellbook Arena Damage Dealt -5% Damage Received +5% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt -5% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt -10% Damage Received +0% Shielding -1% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Abilities [ ] Edit Daredevil Impulse Daredevil Impulse TARGET IMMUNITY : 10 TARGET RANGE: 650 / 727. 5 / 805 / 882. 5 / 960 (based on level) Innate: Samira's damaging basic attacks and abilities against at least one enemy champion different from the previous damaging hit made against champions generate a stack of Style for 6 seconds, refreshing on subsequent hits and stacking up to 6 times. Style: For each stack, Samira gains 2 / 2. 5 / 3 / 3. 5 % (based on level) bonus movement speed , up to a maximum of 12 / 15 / 18 / 21% (based on level) . At maximum stacks, Samira can cast Inferno Trigger . Innate: Samira's basic attacks against targets in 200 range use her blade, becoming non-projectile . Blade attacks post-hit, Blade Whirl , Wild Rush , and the slash and explosives of Flair deal 2 − 19 (based on level) (+ 3. 5 % − 10. 5 % (based on level) AD) bonus magic damage , increased by 0% − 100% (based on target's missing health) . Samira's basic attack against an immobilized target is empowered to have an uncancellable windup and deal the attack's damage over 6 strikes in 0. 5 seconds. If the target is a monster or is airborne , the attack also knocks them up for 0. 5 seconds. Samira will dash into her attack range of the target if they are nearby, though not through terrain. The empowered attack resets Samira's basic attack timer, is affected by critical strike modifiers, applies on-hit effects only once, and cannot occur on the same target more than once every few seconds. Hide Details Info Targeting input Passive Damage type Type Sub-type See Notes Magic Counters Spell shield Parries Projectile See Notes Blocked See Notes Grounded Knockdown See Notes Interrupted The stack count is represented by the grades to the left of her health bar for Samira herself, and a stack counter underneath the bar that is visible to all players. The empowered attack can trigger on immobilizes from both ally and enemy sources. Those applied by the neutral team (e.g. Dragon's initial knock back) can be targeted. It cannot trigger against enemies knocked airborne by a Blast Cone triggered by anyone. (bug) The empowered attack's interaction with immunities to crowd control : It will not trigger against crowd control immune and displacement immune targets. The knock up will be resisted by Riposte , but the ability does not trigger its on- immobilization effect. (bug) The empowered attack will not apply the knock up against suspended enemies. The empowered attack will only apply the knock up if the target is still immobilized or airborne upon being hit. It will not apply if they are no longer disabled when hit. The empowered attack cannot be used against a target with a spell shield . The application of the knock up can occur on any of the missiles of the empowered attack if it had not already occurred on the first missile. A missile that is parried by Riposte or is dodged , blocked , or missed while Samira is blinded cannot apply the knock up. While grounded or rooted , Samira cannot dash into range to use the empowered attack. She can only use it if her target is within her attack range while under this condition. The on-target cooldown will apply even if the empowered attack is parried. The empowered attack rolls critical strike for each shot of the flurry. The bonus magic damage dealt with the blade is default damage . The empowered attack is first 1 instance of basic damage and then 5 instances of default damage . The attacks do not deal the bonus damage against structures . The empowered attack is unaffected by attack speed modifiers. Guinsoo's Rageblade's Phantom Hit and Runaan's Hurricane's bolts will not apply the bonus magic damage , since it is a hit effect of specifically the melee attack casts. Attacks with the gun and blade do not count as different attacks for stacking Style . Basic attacks using the blade are still classified as ranged . The melee attack's range condition is unaffected by attack range modifiers (e.g. Rapid Firecannon ). Blade range is calculated edge-to-edge just like basic attack ranges are, hence both Samira gaining bonus size or her target increases the total distance at which Samira can attack them with the blade. Since the knock up requires an exterior source to immobilize the enemy, Aftershock will be swapped with Grasp of the Undying for Samira at the start of the game. Since Inferno Trigger's cooldown is static, Ultimate Hunter will be swapped with Treasure Hunter for Samira at the start of the game. Abilities blocked by spell shields will still grant Samira Style stacks. Samira still gains Style stacks from damaging attacks and abilities landed against clones . Edit Flair Flair COST: 30 Mana COOLDOWN : 6 / 5 / 4 / 3 / 2 CAST TIME: 0. 25 TARGET RANGE: 340 RANGE: 950 / 400 WIDTH: 120 / 130 SPEED: 2600 Active: Samira fires a shot in the target direction that deals physical damage to the first enemy hit. Physical Damage: 0 / 5 / 10 / 15 / 20 (+ 85 / 95 / 105 / 115 / 125% AD) If a targetable enemy is in front of Samira at the time of cast, she will instead slash with her blade in a cone, dealing the same damage to enemies hit. If Flair is cast during Wild Rush , Samira deploys explosives in her wake that detonate upon the end of the dash, dealing the same damage to enemies hit. Flair can critically strike for (25% + 40% ) bonus physical damage and will apply life steal at 66. 6 % effectiveness. Hide Details Info Targeting input Direction Damage type Type Sub-type Minion Aggro See Notes Physical See Notes Counters Spell shield Projectile Blocked See Notes Applies spell damage on the shot and area damage on the slash and explosives. Life steal will always benefit from the damage dealt at 66. 6 % effectiveness and does not take into account of the ability's spell effects , whereas on the other hand for omnivamp does, and it will modify the healing accordingly. Flair's shot against an enemy champion will aggro nearby enemy minions. Flair can be cast during Wild Rush even if Blade Whirl or Inferno Trigger are active. The slash and explosives roll their critical strike against each target individually. The shot and the slash do not count as different abilities for stacking Style . Samira's next attack after using Flair will occasionally come out faster. (bug) Samira can use Wild Rush during Flair's cast time. This ability will cast from wherever the caster is at the end of the cast time. Flair will fire or slash from wherever Samira is at the end of the cast time. Samira will always slash in her facing direction, and she will turn to face the target direction only once at the start of the cast time. Flair can be buffered 0. 5 seconds before it comes off cooldown. Only the shot will be destroyed by projectile-intercepting effects. The explosive placement is illustrated in Wild Rush regardless of whether Flair is available. The VFX always covers the the full dash's distance even if Wild Rush is interrupted mid-dash. Edit Blade Whirl Blade Whirl COST: 60 Mana COOLDOWN : 30 / 28 / 26 / 24 / 22 CAST TIME: 0. 1 EFFECT RADIUS: 325 Active: Samira spins her blade over 0. 75 seconds, destroying all hostile non- turret projectiles within the area for the duration. Samira slashes twice during Blade Whirl , each one dealing physical damage to all nearby enemies. The first slash occurs immediately and the second one occurs after the duration. Physical Damage: 20 / 35 / 50 / 65 / 80 (+ 80% bonus AD) Total Physical Damage: 40 / 70 / 100 / 130 / 160 (+ 160% bonus AD) Samira cannot attack nor cast Flair during Blade Whirl. Casting Inferno Trigger will end Blade Whirl early. Link ▶️ "Don't think so." Hide Details Tips & Tricks Info Targeting input Auto Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Physical Counters Spell shield Blocked Spell shield will block the damage from one slash. While the ability has a cast time - the cast time has no effect on the ability's usability. All effects begin immediately and Samira can move throughout. Blade Whirl can be buffered 0. 5 seconds before it comes off cooldown. Both slashes count as the same ability for stacking Style . The effect ending early includes the second slash not being performed, if applicable. Entering stasis will also end Blade Whirl early. Other item actives and channeling Teleport or Recall will not end the effect early. Samira can ignore the lockout for Flair and basic attacks if she uses Wild Rush and queues up Flair and/or a basic attack at the start of it. (bug) Tips & Tricks Flair cannot be directly cast during this ability, but can still occur through the Wild Rush + Flair interaction. Edit Wild Rush Wild Rush COST: 40 Mana COOLDOWN: 20 / 18 / 16 / 14 / 12 CAST TIME: none TARGET RANGE: 600 RANGE: 650 / 800 / -150 WIDTH: 300 SPEED: 1600 Active: Samira dashes a fixed distance in the direction of the target enemy or enemy structure , dealing magic damage to enemies she passes through. She also gains bonus attack speed for 3 seconds. Magic Damage: 50 / 60 / 70 / 80 / 90 (+ 20% bonus AD) Bonus Attack Speed: 20 / 25 / 30 / 35 / 40% Scoring a takedown against an enemy champion within 3 seconds of damaging them resets Wild Rush's cooldown . Flair and Inferno Trigger can be cast during the dash. Casting Blade Whirl will buffer it to cast at the end of the dash. Hide Details Info Targeting input Unit Target out-of-range override Walk in range of the target Damage type Type Sub-type Minion Aggro Area damage Magic Drawn Counters Spell shield Grounded Knockdown Blocked Disabled Interrupted Samira gains the attack speed buff at the start of the dash, and it lasts for 3 seconds from that point on. Wild Rush does not deal its damage to turrets. Wild Rush prioritizes targeting champions over turrets. Wild Rush can be buffered 0. 5 seconds before it comes off cooldown. Inferno Trigger will be buffered to cast at the end of the dash if Flair was cast during the dash. Casting Flash during Wild Rush will interrupt the dash but deal damage to nearby enemies at the location. If Flair was cast during this time, an explosive will also be placed at that location. Wild Rush will also reset if Samira kills or gets assist credit on a clone that dies (to hostiles). (bug) Edit Inferno Trigger Inferno Trigger COST: 6 Style CAST TIME: none STATIC COOLDOWN : 5 EFFECT RADIUS: 600 Active: Samira unleashes a torrent of shots for 2. 277 seconds , reducing her movement speed by 30% and rapidly shooting at  nearby enemies over 2. 013 seconds at sporadic times in 0. 2 -second intervals each, dealing physical damage with each shot, reduced by 75% against minions . Physical Damage Per Shot: 5 / 15 / 25 (+ 50% AD) Total Physical Damage: 50 / 150 / 250 (+ 500% AD) Minion Damage Per Shot: 1. 25 / 3. 75 / 6. 25 (+ 12. 5 % AD) Total Minion Damage: 12. 5 / 37. 5 / 62. 5 (+ 125% AD) Each shot can critically strike for (75% + 40% ) bonus physical damage and applies life steal at 50% effectiveness. A nearby visible enemy is required to cast this ability, and targets do not have to be visible to be shot at. Style stacks are consumed at the end of the effect. Samira cannot attack nor cast Flair and Blade Whirl during Inferno Trigger, but she can still move. Inferno Trigger will end prematurely by all forms of cast-inhibiting crowd control as well as disarm . Link ▶️ "Showtime!" Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Auto Damage type Type Sub-type Minion Aggro AOE DOT damage Physical Drawn Counters Spell shield Projectile Disruption See Notes Blocked Interrupted Samira's facing direction remains as it had been or, if she is moving, towards that direction during Inferno Trigger . The movement speed reduction stacks additively with other movement speed bonuses. It is a negative bonus, not a slow , and is thus not reduced by slow resist . Inferno Trigger's area of effect is fixed around Samira . Spell shield will block the damage of one shot. Inferno Trigger will not end if there are no enemies that remain in range. Inferno Trigger can be buffered 0. 5 seconds before it becomes unsealed or off cooldown. The bottom of the player's screen will have a fiery visual effect while Samira is at S rank and Inferno Trigger has at least one rank. Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit Base damage per tick changed to 5 / 10 / 15. Edit /taunt /taunt RANGE: 950 / 890 WIDTH: 120 SPEED: 1400 Samira's taunt prevents her from inputting attack commands and casting non-movement abilities, and she may only interrupt it herself with a movement command. After 3 seconds without interruption, she will toss a coin in the direction she is facing. If she has at least 1 , the coin deals 1 true damage to the first enemy champion hit, triggering Daredevil Impulse but granting them 1 of Samira's gold . If cast within 1200 units of a visible enemy champion, Samira will turn to face towards the closest one to perform the animation. Samira's Taunt can target and hit dead enemy champions, granting them 1 but not triggering other effects. Link ▶️ "Buy something nice. On me." Hide Details Info Targeting input Auto Damage type Type Sub-type Spell damage True Counters Spell shield Projectile Blocked Blocked Samira must have at least 1 to weaponize her Taunt animation. Using her Taunt does not count as an ability activation for the purposes of on-cast effects such as Spellblade and triggering Force Pulse's passive. Flash and Wild Rush can be cast during her Taunt , but neither interrupt the effect. (bug) If Samira's facing direction is changed before the coin is fired (e.g. by casting Wild Rush ), she will still turn toward her initial facing direction to toss the coin. Note: facing direction , not toward the location of the target. Champion skins [ ] This article section only contains champion skins. For all associated collection items, see Samira (Collection) . Original View in 3D 975 21.09.2020 Samira stares death in the eye with unyielding confidence, seeking thrill wherever she goes. After her Shuriman home was destroyed as a child, Samira found her true calling in Noxus, where she built a reputation as a stylish daredevil taking on dangerous missions of the highest caliber. Wielding black-powder pistols and a custom-engineered blade, Samira thrives in life-or-death circumstances, eliminating any who stand in her way with flash and flair. Emily O’Brien Jessica 'OwleyCat' Oyhenart Loot eligible PsyOps View in 3D 1350 21.09.2020 Fearless and deadly, Samira was once a renowned soldier of fortune. A born thrill seeker, she fights not for fame or wealth, but to push the limits of her skill. Through intense training, her innate psychic powers have been fully unleashed, allowing her to turn every mission and every kill into a thrilling display of stylish flair. Emily O’Brien Jennifer Wuestling Black Rose Group Loot eligible Additional/unique quotes New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas PsyOps Samira Chromas Amethyst Catseye Hunter Obsidian Peridot Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Space Groove View in 3D 1350 01.04.2021 A groovy, thrill-seeking bodyguard and elite warrior from the Hot Tub Nebula, Samira took a job directly from the Three Party Goddesses to save Lux from an impending invasion of the Normal World. Now, as the pair liberate planets across the galaxy, Samira must do everything in her power to keep Lux safe—both from Lissandra and from Lux's own lack of self preservation instincts. Emily O’Brien Xiao Guang Sun, West Studio Space Groove Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Space Groove Samira Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Disco Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby High Noon View in 3D 1350 26.05.2022 The poster was straightforward enough: “WANTED: Tahm Kench - Devil, DEAD OR ALIVE”, followed by a generous sum. Only the Mechanical Devil's got that kinda cash to pay. Samira ain't sure why the other bounty hunters seemed so spooked by a little ol' devil hunt. Well, let 'em shy away. This gunpowder witch don't scare easy. Emily O’Brien Jeremy Chong, West Studio High Noon Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas High Noon Samira Chromas Catseye Emerald Nomad Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Soul Fighter View in 3D 3250 20.07.2023 A renowned bounty hunter who can't sit still cause she's ALWAYS on the hunt for her next thrill! This weapons master can use every dangerous tool in (and out!) of her arsenal to fight with STYLE in the Tournament of Souls! Our gracious host better sleep with one eye open, because rumor has it this queen wants to collect his crown! Make way for… SAMIRA! Emily O’Brien Jennifer Wuestling Soul Fighter Loot eligible New voiceover New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Patch history [ ] For the expanded patch notes, see here Trivia [ ] Samira was accidentally pushed to PBE prior to the supposed reveal. Samira is one of 20 champions without a single ability power ratio on any ability: Aatrox , Camille , Darius , Dr. Mundo , Draven , Garen , Kayn , Kled , Naafiri , Nilah , Olaf , Pyke , Riven , Sett , Talon , Urgot , Xayah , Yone , and Zed . Unlike conventional emotes , Samira's Taunt has mechanical functions. It creates a coin skillshot that, if Samira has 1 to spare, deals 1 damage and gives 1 to enemy champions. [2] It also automatically aims towards dead enemy champions in range. [3] Samira comes from either Sanskrit Sam īra समीर "wind, breeze, air" [4] or Arabic سميرة Sāmira "night-companion, nighttalker", feminine active participle of سَمَرَ samara "to spend the night". [5] Samira's movement animations change form depending on whether her recent attack used the gun or blade. The blocking animation of Blade Whirl has Samira explicitly shoot every single incoming projectile. [6] Samira was teased ingame with the Style: Rank S loot item earnable in patch V10.17 . It was awarded by scoring a takedown after fighting in a manner like Daredevil Impulse . If players look at the Daredevil Impulse stacks in the slot, it will show "Why are you looking? Go style on your enemies!" See also [ ] League of Legends Wiki | Champions Cancelled Champions Ao Shin Avasha Averdrian CeeCee Cyborg Cowboy Eagle Rider Gavid Husk Iron Engineer Ivan Omen Priscilla Rob Blackblade Seth Tabu Tiki Urf Well References [ ] ↑ Samira's profile page at LeagueOfLegends.com ↑ Reav3 on Samira Taunt ↑ Blizz on Taunt Against Dead Bodies ↑ Samīra in Monier-Williams dictionary ↑ samara in H. Anthony Salmoné dictionary ↑ Vandiril. Slow Mo Samira W vs 5 Enemies! Epic Animation! (13 Sept 2020). youtube.com. Retrieved 14 Sept 2020