Scarecrow Effigy edit Active Unique – Trinket : Consume a charge to place a visible Effigy at the target location, which grants sight of the surrounding area for 130 − 300 (based on level) seconds. The effigy visually appears exactly as Fiddlesticks does to enemies while idle. Enemy champions that approach an effigy while having sight of it will activate it, causing the effigy to fake a random action, after which the effigy will deal 1 damage to itself ( 115 − 30 (based on level) seconds recharge time; 2 charges; 625 range). Limitations Limited to 1 Trinket item. Only available to Fiddlesticks . Recipe Cost Sell ID Special No Sell 3330 Availability SR 5v5 HA ARAM Nexus Blitz Arena Scarecrow Effigy is a trinket item in League of Legends for Fiddlesticks . Notes Effigies are ignored by minions , monsters , and turrets . Effigies are clones ; they copy all of Fiddlesticks' animations, stats , items , level , etc. They update dynamically even after being placed. They also copy most buffs and debuffs upon creation. Fake actions include: Flashing away from the champion. Walking towards the champion. Walking away from the champion. Casting Fiddlesticks' Terrify . Channeling Fiddlesticks' Crowstorm . Effigies are untargetable to everything except unit-targeted effects for the first 1. 5 seconds of their lifespan. PENDING FOR TEST: Effigies are permanently ghosted . Effigies will react to clones as they are considered champion units. Effigies only activate if the enemy champion has sight of them. Effigies will die instantly if they are affected by hard crowd control , even if the spell in question did not inflict damage. They will die to Rift Herald's charge attack but, uniquely, not the airborne effects from Dragon and Blast Cone . Baron Nashor's tentacle knockup . They cannot be put in stasis (an ally or enemy Bard's Tempered Fate kills them instantly). Trinket items ( Warding Totem , Oracle Lens , and Farsight Alteration ) cannot be exchanged with Scarecrow Effigy . It can be replaced by the Eye of the Herald . Fiddlesticks can still purchase quest items . There is no limit on how many Effigies can be placed at any one time, and they do not count toward the Stealth Ward limit. Effigies cannot have their sight disabled . Effigies are a valid target for Teleport . Placing an Effigy requires vector-targeting . The cooldown is reduced by item haste . On the Howling Abyss , Fiddlesticks must feed a Poro with a Poro-Snax to gain access to the trinket for Scarecrow Effigy . Media Ally perspective Enemy perspective 