Scorchclaw Pup edit Passive Unique: After your pet reaches its final evolution, consumes this item to grant you the Scorchclaw buff. Limitations Limited to 1 Jungle / Support item. Requirements Can only be purchased if you have Smite . Recipe Cost Sell ID 450 180 1101 Availability SR 5v5 Nexus Blitz Menu Fighter Marksman Assassin Mage Tank Life Steal & Vamp Keywords jungle Scorchclaw Pup is a starter item in League of Legends . Can only be purchased if you have Smite . Similar items Gustwalker Hatchling Mosstomper Seedling Notes Scorchclaw Edit Description Gain 3 Ember stacks every 0. 5 seconds, up to 100. Killing a large monster grants maximum stacks. When fully stacked, your next damaging basic attack or instance of ability damage against an enemy champion burns them and all enemies within 250 units of them, dealing bonus true damage equal to 「 4% of the target's maximum health over 4 seconds 」 「 1% of the target's maximum health every second over 4 seconds 」 and slowing them by 30% decaying over 2 seconds. Stats Duration Permanent Source Scorchclaw Primal Smite This item grants the user 25% increased damage to any non-epic monster . This damage modifier does not affect epic monsters nor apply to true damage dealt (such as through Smite ). While having a companion, killing large monsters heals you for 36 − 90 (based on average champion level) and restores 19 − 87 (based on average champion level) mana after a 0. 3 -second delay. These values are increased by 1. 25 % per 1% missing health or mana respectively. Additionally, you gain 80 bonus experience from killing large monsters. While in the jungle or river, you gain bonus mana regeneration equal to 8. 62 % − 19. 08 % (based on level) missing mana . A pet (or Jungle companion ) is summoned to follow you throughout the jungle. Pets will attack all monsters currently attacking you (650 attack radius), at a rate of once per second, dealing 20 − 90 (based on level) (+ 10% bonus AD) (+ 12% AP) (+ 20% bonus armor) (+ 20% bonus magic resistance) (+ 3% bonus health) true damage to each. While the pet is attacking, you are healed for 14 − 37 (based on level) per second. This damage is capped at 15. 5 (+ 10% bonus AD) (+ 12% AP) (+ 20% bonus armor) (+ 20% bonus magic resistance) (+ 3% bonus health) against epic monsters. This damage counts as area of effect regardless of how many targets are hit. It does not benefit from omnivamp . After you stop attacking the current camp, the pet will attack two more times before stopping as well. If your pet is not near you, damaging a camp will cause it to leap from its current location and attack as normal. Pets cannot deal lethal damage to epic monsters. Pets can undergo two evolutions . Pets evolve by being fed treats . Feed your pet 1 treat each time you kill a large monster. You store 1 bonus treat every 60 seconds, increased to 90 after your pet reaches its final evolution form. Bonus treats are tracked on your buff bar. If you have a bonus treat stored, killing a large monster consumes 1 stack to grant you 20 when you feed your pet. After the pet reaches its final evolution form, instead consume 2 stacks. Your item tracks the remaining treats required to feed your pet until it reaches its final evolution. When your pet reaches its final evolution, the item is consumed. At 20 treats, your pet reaches its first evolution, upgrading Smite to Unleashed Smite . At 40 treats, your pet reaches its second and final evolution (adulthood), upgrading Unleashed Smite to Primal Smite . Your Primal Smite grants you a unique buff, based on your pet type: Gustwalker - While in a brush , gain 30% bonus movement speed , decaying over 2 seconds after leaving the brush. Killing a large monster increases this effect to 45% for 2 seconds. Mosstomper - Gain a 180 − 300 (based on level) shield that lasts until broken and refreshes after killing a monster camp or 10 seconds without combat. Scorchclaw - Gain 3 Ember stacks every 0. 5 seconds, up to 100. Killing a large monster grants maximum stacks. When fully stacked, your next damaging basic attack or instance of ability damage against an enemy champion burns them and all enemies within 250 units of them, dealing bonus true damage equal to 「 4% of the target's maximum health over 4 seconds 」 「 1% of the target's maximum health every second over 4 seconds 」 and slowing them by 30% decaying over 2 seconds. Clones do not count for this effect. Killing the Blue Sentinel or Red Brambleback also leaves behind a buff wisp in their jungle camp for 60 seconds that can be picked up by allied champions to receive the Crest of Insight or Crest of Cinders buff. Allied champions that kill buff monsters also leave behind a buff wisp in the camp for the same duration that can only be seen and picked up by you to receive the respective buff. The user receives 70% − 0% (based on minutes) reduced experience from all lane minions, unless they are 1. 5 levels behind the average game level. If your total gold earned from minion kills is greater than 40% of your gold from monster kills, killing a lane minion will grant you 13 less gold and 50% reduced experience. This penalty is indefinitely removed at 14 minutes. Map-Specific Differences Nexus Blitz differences edit First evolution reduced to 10 treats from 20. Second evolution reduced to 20 treats from 40. Removed: No longer grants bonus treats while the pet is fully evolved. Ultra Rapid Fire differences edit Treat thresholds changed to 10 / 20. Media Scorchclaw Pup Evolved Scorchclaw Scorchclaw Treat Evolve VFX (20 Treats) Evolve VFX (40 Treats) Maximum Stacks VFX Passive Ready VFX Trigger VFX Burn VFX Jungle Pet 