Seeker's Armguard edit Stats +45 ability power +25 armor Active Unique – Time Stop : Put yourself in stasis for 2. 5 seconds, rendering you untargetable and invulnerable for the duration but also unable to move, declare basic attacks , cast abilities , use summoner spells , or activate items . Limitations Limited to 1 Stasis item. Transforms into Shattered Armguard when activated, which cannot be activated again. Once shattered, all future purchases are also shattered. Recipe + + + 500 Cost Sell ID 1600 1120 2420 Availability SR 5v5 HA ARAM Nexus Blitz Builds into Zhonya's Hourglass Menu Mage Ability Power Armor Keywords zhg zonyas zhonyas Seeker's Armguard is an epic item in League of Legends . Recipe Seeker's Armguard 1600 ( 500 ) Amplifying Tome 400 Cloth Armor 300 Amplifying Tome 400 Builds Into Zhonya's Hourglass Cost Analysis Gold Value 45 ability power = 900 25 armor = 500 Total Gold Value = 1400 Gold efficiency Seeker's Armguard's base stats are 87. 5 % gold efficient. Similar items Hexdrinker Verdant Barrier Notes Time Stop is an auto-targeted effect. Time Stop's cast does not break stealth . Time Stop has no cast time . Quicksilver is placed on a 0. 5 -second cooldown upon activating Time Stop . Old icons 1st version Trivia The Seeker's Armguard once belonged to Lissandra , as stated by Gregor and Lyte . Michael 'IronStylus' Maurino once stated the item is now in Sejuani's possession (how the Fury of the North got it is uncertain). [1] Whether this remains canon is unknown. The bonuses from Seeker's Armguard's passive disappear upon upgrading it to Zhonya's Hourglass . However, the stats on Zhonya's Hourglass are already higher than a fully stacked Seeker's Armguard and Fiendish Codex combined so no stats are lost. Seeker's Armguard is a replacement to the Zhonya's Hourglass recipe's former use of a Chain Vest , and a Needlessly Large Rod serving two purposes: the first being to replace the armor value that a Chain Vest would have provided, and the second being to feed in a higher portion of ability power than a Needlessly Large Rod alone would provide. Media Item VFX 