Games Universe • League of Legends • Teamfight Tactics • Legends of Runeterra • Wild Rift Image Senna Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Senna the Redeemer Release date 2019-11-10 Last changed V13.24 Class(es) Marksman Enchanter Legacy Marksman Support Position(s) Support Resource Mana Range type Ranged Adaptive type Physical Store price 3150 | 790 Crafting + 1890 Ratings Damage 2 Toughness 1 Control 2 Mobility 1 Utility 3 Style Difficulty Champion Spotlight Senna Champion Spotlight Senna is a champion in League of Legends . [1] Gameplay • Cosmetics • Audio • Development • Patch History • History • Trivia Base statistics Senna Edit Health 530 +89 Mana 350 +45 Health regen. (per 5s) 3.5 +0.55 Mana regen. (per 5s) 11.5 +0.7 Armor 28 +4.7 Attack damage 50 +0 Magic resist. 30 +1.3 Crit. damage 175% Move. speed 330 Attack range 600 Attack speed Base AS 0.625 Attack windup 31.25% (mod. 0.6) AS ratio 0.4 Bonus AS +4 % Missile speed Non-projectile Unit radius Gameplay radius 65 Selection radius 115 Pathing radius 35 Acq. radius 800 Special statistics ARAM Nexus Blitz One For All URF Ult Spellbook Arena Damage Dealt -6% Damage Received +5% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +5% Damage Received -10% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +10% Damage Received +0% Healing +20% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Abilities [ ] Edit Basic Attack Basic Attack ATTACK RANGE: 600 SPEED: N/A Basic Attack: Senna blasts the target with her relic cannon that uses a non-projectile beam, dealing 100% AD physical damage and applying on-hit and on-attack effects. Senna has an attack ratio of 0. 4 , meaning she only gains 「 + 0. 4 attack speed per 100% bonus attack speed . 」 「 64% of the attack speed she would gain if her attack speed ratio was the same as her base attack speed. 」 Additionally, Senna's base attack windup is reduced 「 to 31. 25 % − 21. 875 % (based on level) , 」 「 by 0% − 30% (based on level) , 」 but is only reduced by 60% of the expected value given attack speed bonuses. Hide Details Info Targeting input Unit Target out-of-range override Walk in range of the target Damage type Type Sub-type Basic damage Physical Counters Parries Projectile Blocked Not Blocked At level 18, only with the per level bonus attack speed, Senna will have 0. 897 attack speed , and will take 0. 297 seconds to perform an attack compared to 0. 528 seconds at level 1. Edit Absolution Absolution TARGET IMMUNITY : 6 / 5 / 4 (based on level) EFFECT RADIUS: 2000 Innate - Weakened Soul : Senna's basic attacks on-hit and ability hits against enemy champions apply a stack of Mist for 4 seconds, modified to 0. 75 seconds if Senna starts winding up a basic attack on them, and limited to once per target per cast. Subsequent hits will collect Mist and deal bonus physical damage equal to 1% − 10% (based on level) of target's current health and rendering the target immune to further Mist infliction for a few seconds. This damage applies life steal at 100% effectiveness. Enemies that die near Senna may spawn a Mist Wraith from their corpse. A Mist Wraith lasts 8 seconds and Senna can basic attack or hit it with Piercing Darkness or Dawning Shadow to kill them instantly, granting her 8 and collecting their Mist . Enemy champions and large monsters will spawn a Mist Wraith . Epic monsters will spawn 2 Mist Wraiths . Minions and lesser monsters that Senna kills have a 8. 3 % chance to spawn a Mist Wraith . Large minions that Senna does not kill will spawn a Mist Wraith , while lesser minions and lesser monsters that Senna does not kill have a 28% chance to spawn. Mist : For each stack of Mist , Senna gains 0. 75 bonus attack damage . For every 20 stacks, she also gains 20 bonus attack range and 10% critical strike chance , capped at 100% critical strike chance . Additionally, 35% of the generated excess critical strike chance is converted into life steal . Innate - Relic Cannon : Senna's basic attacks on-hit deal 20% AD bonus physical damage and grant her 10 / 15 / 20% (based on level) of the target's movement speed as bonus movement speed for 0. 5 seconds. This damage applies life steal at 100% effectiveness. Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Video Info Targeting input Passive Counters Spell shield Parries Not Blocked See Notes Despite Senna dealing 1 damage to Mist Wraiths , attacking them will calculate the attack's damage (including critical strike modifiers) and any on-hit effects for the purposes of life steal and drain effects. Relic Cannon is only applied if the attack deals more than 0 damage. Hence, it is not applied if the target is invulnerable or Senna's basic attack's attack damage is reduced to 0 or below. Dealing 0 damage is valid for marking and collecting Mist from champions, but dealing no damage at all is not. Hence, Senna can mark and collect from invulnerable enemies. Dodge prevents marking and collecting a Mist via Senna's basic attacks and Piercing Darkness . PENDING FOR TEST: : Mist interaction with block and blind . Nunu & Willump spawn a wraith each. Enemies will not see newly spawned wraiths while Senna is not visible. Minions executed by allies with Spoils of War have a 4. 166 % chance to spawn wraiths. A wraith can be hit by Cosmic Binding and it will interact with it the same way minions or monsters interact with Cosmic Binding but it will not take damage. Mist Wraith has a spawn animation, but is targetable immediately. Mist Wraith grants a small amount of sight around itself. Runaan's Hurricane secondary bolts will ignore Mist Wraiths . Attacking a Mist Wraith will not consume energized stacks, but you can benefit from the range increase of Rapid Firecannon when collecting wraiths. Excluding the range increase and the bonus shielding on Dawning Shadow , one stack of Mist is worth approximately 44. 55 ( +8 from Mist Wraith pickup), 32. 8125 if the critical chance is converted to life steal. The bonuses have a gross value of 46. 25 ( 32. 8125 with life steal). 0. 75 AD is worth 26. 25 ‬ . 0. 5 % critical strike chance is worth 20 . Absolution reduces its efficiency by 8. 5 %, making the value 18. 3 . 0. 175 % life steal is worth ≈ 6. 5625 . The bonus on-hit damage does not apply an additional stack of Black Cleaver's Carve to offset Senna's low attack speed. (bug) Map-Specific Differences One for All differences edit Wraiths are not shared. Weakened Soul debuff application is individually tracked and does not interact among multiple users. Arena differences edit New Effect: Gains 7. 5 Mist stacks per round. Video Edit Piercing Darkness Piercing Darkness COST: 70 / 80 / 90 / 100 / 110 Mana COOLDOWN: 15 CAST TIME: 0. 4 -0. 25 TARGET RANGE: 600 - 1100 RANGE: 1300 WIDTH: 100 / 280 Active: Senna fires a spectral laser in the direction of the target unit, healing herself and allied champions hit, and dealing physical damage to enemies hit in a thinner line. Enemies hit are slowed by 15% (+ 10% per 100 bonus AD) (+ 6% per 100 AP) for a duration. The damage against champions applies life steal at 100% effectiveness. Healing: 40 / 50 / 60 / 70 / 80 (+ 30% bonus AD) (+ 40% AP) (+ 1. 6 per 1 Lethality) Physical Damage: 30 / 60 / 90 / 120 / 150 (+ 50% bonus AD) Slow Duration: 1 / 1. 25 / 1. 5 / 1. 75 / 2 Upon being hit, enemy turrets , wards , jungle plants , Mist Wraiths and any other attack-interactive units are considered basic attacked once , while champions and turrets * are applied on-hit effects at 100% effectiveness. Piercing Darkness' current cooldown is reduced by 1 second on-hit . Hide Details Video Info Targeting input Unit Target out-of-range override Walk in range of the target Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Physical Counters Spell shield Parries Projectile See Notes Missing Not Blocked Piercing Darkness also applies most on-attack effects to one enemy champion struck, and ocassionally to two. (bug) Hail of Blades will spend a stack on hitting a champion with Piercing Darkness but only if Hail of Blades was activated first by an auto-attack. Piercing Darkness' cast time is always 80% of the caster's attack windup time. Because Senna's windup percent scales down with levels but her windup time also only scales with 60% attack speed, the precise numbers get complicated quickly. At base attack speed and level 1, Senna's attack windup is 0. 5 seconds. Reducing Senna's attack speed via attack speed reductions also increases Piercing Darkness' cast time by 60% of the fraction. Piercing Darkness' cast time reduction per level via her own windup-per-level-reduction mirrors Lucian's Piercing Light's cast time values. Senna can generally target anything that is not either explicitly untargetable or herself. Valid targets include anything that can be targeted by a basic attack from someone. Piercing Darkness will attempt to lead the target if it is moving but does not adjust further during cast time (enemies can dodge the laser if they change their position by a sufficient amount during the cast time). It leads by (up-to?) 80 units. On-hit effects are applied in order of struck units' spawn IDs. This matters for effects that are consumed on-hit (e.g. Spellblade ), which are applied to the target with the lowest Spawn ID . "Spawn ID" is an unofficial abbreviation to describe the spawn order for all units at the beginning of games, below are some examples. If Senna targets an enemy champion but hits at least one more enemy champion simultaneously, Press the Attack's first stack will be applied to that target. If no champion was targeted, it will default to the champion with the lowest Spawn ID out of the ones struck by the ability. Whether the effect stacks up on a champion or not when multiple enemy champions are stuck also depends on Spawn ID. If Piercing Darkness struck an enemy champion and turret simultaneously, with Rapid Firecannon fully charged, the passive effect will most likely proc on the turret since towers are often spawned before champions. For on-attack effects, they are also applied in order of struck units' spawn IDs. However, there are some specific on-attack effects that will apply to both the target of Piercing Darkness and the target with the lowest Spawn ID if the two unit is not identical. (bug) Confirmed cases : Energized effects are stacked 2 stacks Spectral Waltz are granted 2 stacks PENDING FOR TEST: Spell shield will not prevent on-hit effects from being applied. PENDING FOR TEST: : Piercing Darkness interaction with dodging , blocking , and blinding effects. Video Edit Last Embrace Last Embrace COST: 50 / 55 / 60 / 65 / 70 Mana COOLDOWN: 11 CAST TIME: 0. 25 TARGET RANGE: 1300 EFFECT RADIUS: 280 WIDTH: 140 SPEED: 1200 Active: Senna throws a globule of Black Mist in the target direction that deals physical damage to the first enemy hit and attaches to them for 1 second. Physical Damage: 70 / 115 / 160 / 205 / 250 (+ 70% bonus AD) After the duration or when the target dies, the Black Mist spreads out of the target, rooting them and surrounding enemies for a few seconds. Root Duration: 1 / 1. 25 / 1. 5 / 1. 75 / 2 Hide Details Video Info Targeting input Direction Damage type Type Sub-type Spell damage Physical Counters Spell shield Projectile Blocked Blocked Last Embrace will not root the primary target if they are untargetable . This ability will cast from wherever the caster is at the end of the cast time. Video Edit Curse of the Black Mist Curse of the Black Mist COST: 70 Mana COOLDOWN : 26 / 24. 5 / 23 / 21. 5 / 20 CAST TIME: 1 EFFECT RADIUS: 400 Detection Radius: 400 Active: Senna surrounds herself with an aura of mist and gains camouflage for a duration. If Senna breaks the camouflage , she regains it after 1. 75 seconds without performing actions that break stealth . Effect Duration: 6 / 6. 5 / 7 / 7. 5 / 8 Allied champions who enter the mist gain Wraith Form for a duration equal to the aura's remaining duration. Wraith Form: Gain camouflage . Enemies will have obscured vision of camouflaged Wraiths moving outside of the mist. Wraith Form can be regained if lost by breaking the camouflage after 1. 75 seconds without performing actions that break stealth. Wraith Form ends immediately upon Senna's death . Senna and allies camouflaged by Curse of the Black Mist also gain 20% (+ 5% per 100 AP) bonus movement speed . Link ▶️ "Shadows catch the fallen..." Hide Details Video Info Targeting input Auto Senna can move while casting Curse of the Black Mist . Allies affected by the Curse of the Blast Mist aura receive a buff called Cloak of Mist . Obscured units appear as Wraiths , hence the name. The wraith model does not distinguish which champion is obscured. On the mini-map , obscured champions will be displayed as wraith icons instead of champion icons to the enemy team. In-game, the 'Cloak of Mist' buff grants camouflage and the 'Wraith Form' buff obscures the unit and grants movement speed. However, 'Cloak of Mist' has the unspecified effect of negating the obscuring effects of 'Wraith Form' (i.e. the unit is not a wraith while inside the mist); the unit has the bonus movement speed even when they are not a wraith (e.g. inside the mist or an enemy is nearby); and 'Wraith Form' also grants the functionality of camouflage (i.e. the unit is treated as a camouflaged unit with regards to True Sight , Control Wards , and enemy champions ). Given this overly complex interaction between the two buffs granted as well as the overlapping effects, it is easier to describe the effects as a single buff that is modified in specific circumstances rather than trying to establish a new game mechanic. Senna likewise has her aura buff and the 'Wraith Form' buff, but her 'Wraith Form' does not share gameplay functionality with other allies benefiting from Wraith Form. For Senna , the appearance of being a wraith is a form-swap while camouflaged (similar to Evelynn's Demon Shade ). Senna will remain in her wraith form when she is detected so long as the camouflage effect isn't broken, and her wraith's appearance is very distinct from other wraiths. Allied champions who enter the mist and have stealth of their own will still gain the Wraith Form buff but they will not grant obscured vision of themselves to the enemy while out of the mist nor will they appear as a Wraith . Allies who have their own camouflage and also have Wraith Form will be revealed to enemies from their stealth's detection range, not Wraith Form's . Curse of the Black Mist will not activate if Senna enters resurrection during the cast time. Wraith Form will not be granted to allies that are in a zombie state or are channeling . It will be granted to allies even if they are untargetable . Video Edit Dawning Shadow Dawning Shadow COST: 100 Mana COOLDOWN: 140 / 120 / 100 CAST TIME: 1 TARGET RANGE: Global WIDTH: 320 / 2400 SPEED: 20000 Active: Senna fires two waves of spectral light in the target direction, granting sight of the area briefly along the path. The center wave deals physical damage to enemy champions hit and reveals them for 3 seconds. It also collects Mist Wraiths it hits. Physical Damage: 250 / 400 / 550 (+ 115% bonus AD) (+ 70% AP) The broad wave grants a shield to Senna and allied champions hit for 3 seconds. Shield Strength: 100 / 150 / 200 (+ 40% AP) (+ 1. 5 per Mist collected) Link ▶️ "No shadow without light!" Hide Details Tips & Tricks Video Info Targeting input Direction Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Physical Counters Spell shield Projectile Blocked Blocked This ability will cast from wherever the caster is at the start of the cast time. Senna reveals herself during the cast time. Tips & Tricks The broad wave is a singular projectile that can be destroyed . Video Pets [ ] Mist Wraith Bounty Gold Exp CS 8 0 Statistics Health 1 Incoming damage modifier 1 from Senna's basic attacks, Piercing Darkness , and Dawning Shadow Mov. speed Static Control type Autonomous Target type Minion Protection Only Senna herself can target and interact with the Mist Wraith . Abilities Wraith The Mist Wraith is considered an enemy unit, but targetable to Senna only with her basic attacks and abilities. Wandering The Mist Wraith , after being spawned, disappears after 8 seconds. Champion skins [ ] This article section only contains champion skins. For all associated collection items, see Senna (Collection) . Original View in 3D 975 10.11.2019 Cursed from childhood to be haunted by the supernatural Black Mist, Senna joined a sacred order known as the Sentinels of Light, and fiercely fought back—only to be killed, her soul imprisoned in a lantern by the cruel wraith Thresh. But refusing to lose hope, within the lantern Senna learned to use the Mist, and reemerged to new life, forever changed. Now wielding darkness along with light, Senna seeks to end the Black Mist by turning it against itself—with every blast of her relic weapon, redeeming the souls lost within. Cynthia Kaye McWilliams Bo 'chenbowow' Chen Loot eligible True Damage View in 3D 1350 10.11.2019 Senna rose to fame with her stunning vocal range and iconic sense of style, but when a shady adversary from her past imprisoned her in a restrictive record deal that took away her creative independence, she vanished from the spotlight. After years of living in the shadows, she now emerges as the lead singer of True Damage with her mind set on defining her legacy on her own terms. Cynthia Kaye McWilliams Jennifer Wuestling True Damage Loot eligible Additional/unique quotes New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas True Damage Senna Chromas Amethyst Catseye Citrine Freestyle Pearl Ruby Sapphire Prestige True Damage View in 3D Special 04.02.2020 Having topped the charts once more, Senna finds herself in the familiar space of fame and celebrity. Between cosmetics deals and fashion shows, she offers a clear message to fans and haters alike: Don't call it comeback. Senna's been here for years. Cynthia Kaye McWilliams Esben Lash Rasmussen True Damage Loot eligible Additional/unique quotes New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall This skin is a variant of True Damage . Store variants are discounted for multiple purchases. High Noon View in 3D 1820 18.06.2020 Once the greatest gunslinger on the continent, Senna's life would have ended when her heart was torn out by the devil—save for the intervention of a higher authority. Mysteriously resurrected with the heart of an angel and a demonic steed, she has returned to the west to restore the balance of Heaven and Hell... however she sees fit. Cynthia Kaye McWilliams Kelly Aleshire High Noon Loot eligible New voiceover New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas High Noon Senna Chromas Citrine Emerald Mythic Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite PROJECT View in 3D 1350 27.05.2021 A PROJECT volunteer who supposedly died during the elevation of her consciousness, Senna's mind was decoupled from the physical world and escaped into cyberspace, becoming a digital ghost. Inhabiting a body of her own design as Mordekaiser assumed control of the City, she is one of the few who understands the true threat of his ever-expanding directives. Cynthia Kaye McWilliams West Studio PROJECT Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas PROJECT: Senna Chromas Amethyst Catseye Obsidian Pearl Peridot Reckoning Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Lunar Eclipse View in 3D 1350 28.04.2022 An ancient knight long thought dead, freed from the Eclipse Cathedral's catacombs as Kayle began to stir from her ancient slumber. Senna now aids her knighthood against the new threat of the Coven, saving whoever she can from the resurrected Old Gods… though she remains ever vigilant, as the sun-eater's return is now inevitable. Cynthia Kaye McWilliams Augusto Quirino, West Studio Eclipse Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Lunar Eclipse Senna Chromas Citrine Emerald Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Prestige Lunar Eclipse View in 3D Special 28.04.2022 Burning up the runway in a look inspired by an ancient order of magical knights, Senna brings a cold, but determined energy to the Gala proceedings. Evil beware — these looks can kill... and kill again. Cynthia Kaye McWilliams Julia Yurtsev Eclipse Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall This skin is a variant of Lunar Eclipse . Store variants are discounted for multiple purchases. Bewitching View in 3D 1350 20.10.2022 When she was just a young witch, a warlock bound Senna's soul to a tome of spells, hoping to rid himself of her rising power. But her time spent disembodied only made her stronger. While others party, the overly serious Senna searches for ghouls and ghosts, planning to send them to the grave... again. Cynthia Kaye McWilliams Huyy Nugyen, West Studio Bewitching Loot eligible Legacy New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Bewitching Senna Chromas Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Star Guardian View in 3D 1350 20.07.2023 Years spent battling the darkness alone has strengthened Senna's resolve, but it also hardened her heart. After all, when you're a Star Guardian, you know losing loved ones is inevitable. Still, she'll keep fighting now, harder than ever. Reuniting her new friend Xayah with her evil ex-boyfriend is a powerful motivator. Cynthia Kaye McWilliams Mingchen Shen, West Studio Star Guardian Season 4 Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Star Guardian Senna Chromas Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rainbow Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Winterblessed View in 3D 1820 06.12.2023 Senna woke in the dreamlike embrace of the Aurora. Clad in regal dress she didn't recognize, she had no memory of how she got there, nor could she remember anything else, save for flashes of warmth: a love, lost in shadow. "Who am I?" she wondered. Cynthia Kaye McWilliams Pandart Studio Winterblessed Loot eligible New voiceover New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Winterblessed Senna Chromas Catseye Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Wreathguard Patch history [ ] For the expanded patch notes, see here Trivia [ ] Senna is one of 15 champions that have an ability that infinitely stacks an effect: Aurelion Sol , Bard , Bel'Veth , Cho'Gath , Draven , Kindred , Nasus , Shyvana , Sion , Smolder , Swain , Sylas , Thresh , and Veigar . In Senna's case, Absolution infinitely stacks her attack damage , range, lifesteal and the shield of Dawning Shadow . Senna is an example of a champion that was present in the lore before they were developed into a playable champion: appearing as a recurring character in Lucian's story since his release. Another example is Lissandra , who appeared in the Journal of Justice . She is also part of the alternative universes of High Noon and PROJECT without having any belonging skins before her release. Senna is the second champion that cannot increase a stat through leveling up, after Thresh and his armor . In her case, it is attack damage because of her passive, Absolution . If Senna and Thresh are played on opposing teams, a quest will trigger. This in-game quest consists in one killing the other to earn the opposing champion's stack of souls. [2] Senna has among one of the longest attack frames in game, at 0. 5 seconds, while most champions are between 0. 2 and 0. 3 seconds. [3] Her name comes from Arabic سناء Sanāʼ "brightness, sublimity", [4] from root s-n-y (> Sin "moon" & seneh " burning bush "). [5] See also [ ] League of Legends Wiki | Champions Cancelled Champions Ao Shin Avasha Averdrian CeeCee Cyborg Cowboy Eagle Rider Gavid Husk Iron Engineer Ivan Omen Priscilla Rob Blackblade Seth Tabu Tiki Urf Well References [ ] ↑ Senna's profile page at LeagueOfLegends.com ↑ August on Senna Quest ↑ August on Senna's Attack Frame ↑ sanāʼ in almaany ↑ Theological Dictionary of the Old Testament, Volume 15 , ed. Botterweck, Ringgren, & Fabry, p. 318