Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Seraphine View in 3D 975 / 29-Oct-2020 K/DA ALL OUT Seraphine Indie View in 3D 3250 / 29-Oct-2020 K/DA ALL OUT Seraphine Rising Star View in 3D Special / 29-Oct-2020 K/DA ALL OUT Seraphine Superstar View in 3D Special / 29-Oct-2020 Graceful Phoenix Seraphine View in 3D 1350 / 02-Sep-2021 Ocean Song Seraphine View in 3D 1350 / 09-Jun-2022 Faerie Court Seraphine View in 3D 1350 / 23-Mar-2023 Star Guardian Seraphine View in 3D 1350 / 28-Jun-2023 Faerie Court Seraphine Chromas Aquamarine Catseye Emerald Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Turquoise Winsome Graceful Phoenix Seraphine Chromas Emerald Golden Tiger Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Ocean Song Seraphine Chromas Amethyst Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Star Guardian Seraphine Chromas Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Rare & Limited Prestige Ocean Song Seraphine View in 3D Special / 09-Jun-2022 Missions [ ] K/DA ALL OUT Seraphine has a unique set of missions that unlocks various rewards and represents her progression from indie musician to becoming a pop sensation. Event Details K/DA ALL OUT Seraphine You will earn points by completing specific objectives once you own the K/DA ALL OUT Seraphine skin. You can earn a maximum of 20 points per game as Seraphine or 10 points per game with any other champion. This does not apply to the final mission, World Tour . You can earn points in any matchmade game (except TFT). Keep in mind that these missions are chained together, and you can only have one of Seraphine's missions active at a time. This means, for example, that you can't Record Your Song until you go ahead and Write Your Lyrics (and so on). Introduction Objective: Play 1 game as Seraphine . Reward: 250 . Write Your Lyrics Objective: Earn 45 points. Points are cumulative (e.g. if you earn 19000 gold as Seraphine , you'll earn 18 points). Points: Earn gold to buy streaming equipment. The amount of points is doubled when playing as Seraphine . Here's how to earn these points: Earn 20000 gold: +1 point Earn 18000 gold: +2 points Earn 14000 gold: +2 points Earn 10000 gold: +2 points Earn 6000 gold: +2 points Earn 2000 gold: +1 point Reward: K/DA ALL OUT Seraphine Indie icon. Record Your Song Objective: Earn 45 points. Points are cumulative (e.g. if you get 5 takedowns as a champion other than Seraphine , you'll earn 5 points). Points: Attract fans by getting takedowns. The amount of points is doubled when playing as Seraphine . Here's how to earn these points: Earn 10 takedowns: +1 point Earn 9 takedowns: +2 points Earn 7 takedowns: +2 points Earn 5 takedowns: +2 points Earn 3 takedowns: +2 points Earn 1 takedown: +1 point Reward: Rising Star form unlocked. Excite Your Fans Objective: Earn 45 points. Points are cumulative (e.g. if you deal 25000 magic damage to champions as Seraphine , you'll earn 20 points). Points: Show your talent by dealing magic damage to champions. The amount of points is doubled when playing as Seraphine . Here's how to earn these points: Dealing 25000 magic damage to champions: +1 point Dealing 22500 magic damage to champions: +2 points Dealing 17500 magic damage to champions: +2 points Dealing 12500 magic damage to champions: +2 points Dealing 7500 magic damage to champions: +2 points Dealing 2500 magic damage to champions: +1 point Reward: Crazy A-Bao You emote. Perform Live Objective: Earn 45 points. Points are cumulative (e.g. if you take out 2 turrets as a champion other than Seraphine , you'll earn 3 points). Points: Break records by destroying turrets. The amount of points is doubled when playing as Seraphine . Here's how to earn these points: Destroy 9 turrets: +1 point Destroy 8 turrets: +2 points Destroy 6 turrets: +2 points Destroy 4 turrets: +2 points Destroy 2 turrets: +2 points Destroy 1 turret: +1 point Reward: Superstar form unlocked. World Tour Objective: Earn 45 points. Points: Complete your World Tour by winning games. Here's how to earn these points: Win a game as Seraphine : +6 points Win a game as a champion other than Seraphine : +3 points Reward: K/DA ALL OUT Seraphine Superstar icon + Seraphine border. Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 ADSR Crowd Control upgraded with Beat Drop (E) Fans to Stans Multiple (2+) champion hits with Encore (R) Star Power Damage dealt with Stage Presence (P) Encore More Champions charmed with Encore (R) at greater than initial max range The Sound Barrier Champion damage prevented with Surround Sound (W) Tinnitus Multiple champion hits with High Note (Q) Trivia [ ] Original Seraphine Her appearance is a mixture of youthful Piltovan and Zaunite fashion, due to her spending time in both cities as a music performer. She is seen performing on the Entresol level of Zaun in her splash art, with a crowd of Piltovan and Zaunite youth. 4 Ekko 's followers, 3 Practical Perfectionist and 1 Dropboarder , as well as the character with purple hair and red glasses that can be seen in the artworks of many of 4 Ekko 's cards, are featured in the background, teased long before their official reveal. Ekko was included in early concepts of her splash art too. K/DA ALL OUT Seraphine This skin is the first time a champion had an ultimate skin as their release skin. The ultimate skin is first skin in the game to have a leveling mechanic via narrative questline (or skin specific missions). [1] K/DA ALL OUT Seraphine Indie : After purchasing K/DA ALL OUT Seraphine, you'll start with Seraphine as she appears when she first started her journey on social media—an artist creating music just from her bedroom with only a few followers tagging along her story. K/DA ALL OUT Seraphine Rising Star : When you complete three Missions in her quest line, you'll unlock the Seraphine that was discovered by Evelynn, a more confident musician who has fans of her own right and a wealth of talent that is recognized by all. K/DA ALL OUT Seraphine Superstar : And last, but not least, when you complete the next two Missions in her quest line, you'll unlock the Seraphine that is the fully realized collaborator of K/DA and pop star, with fans all over the world. Once you unlock all the different forms, you'll be able to select between them during champion select. With purchase the skin also comes with two icons, an emote and a border that can be earned as a part of the narrative quest line you unlock when the skin is purchased. This skin was used as her official reveal before her classic appearance was revealed. In 2020, social media accounts were run by Riot to create a fictional online persona and to promote the skin and its lore along with the other K/DA ALL OUT cosmetics. Over 100 unique artworks were posted as image posts of her daily life in different media, showing her journey from bedroom artist to K/DA collaborator. [2] Multiple references can be seen in Indie Seraphine's splash art: K/DA, Pentakill and DJ merchandise, such as posters and toys. True Damage , a puffcap and Valorant stickers on her Piltovan laptop. A snack by Baker Pantheon . Fizz and poro plushies. Indie, Rising Star and Superstar's sound effects are based off on her " POP/STARS " cover, her original song " Made Me This Way " and her K/DA collaboration " MORE ", respectively. Lexie Liu provided vocals for "MORE" featured in ALL OUT , whereas Jasmine Clarke and Absofacto worked on her independent songs. Graceful Phoenix Seraphine Chromas: Emerald,  Golden Tiger,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Phoenixmancers theme with: Brave Phoenix Xayah Divine Phoenix Anivia Prestige Brave Phoenix Xayah Ocean Song Seraphine Chromas: Amethyst,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire This skin shares the Ocean Song theme with: Ocean Song Ashe Ocean Song Nidalee Ocean Song Yone Ocean Song Zeri Prestige Ocean Song Seraphine Prestige Ocean Song Seraphine This skin shares the Ocean Song theme with: Ocean Song Ashe Ocean Song Nidalee Ocean Song Seraphine Ocean Song Yone Ocean Song Zeri She is similar in appearance to Sangonomiya Kokomi from Genshin Impact . Faerie Court Seraphine Chromas: Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise,  Winsome This skin shares the Faerie Court theme with: Faerie Court Ezreal Faerie Court Fiora Faerie Court Kalista Faerie Court Katarina Faerie Court Milio Faerie Queen Karma Prestige Faerie Court Katarina Star Guardian Seraphine Chromas: Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rainbow,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the Star Guardian Season 4 theme with: Prestige Star Guardian Ekko Redeemed Star Guardian Xayah Star Guardian Akali Star Guardian Ekko Star Guardian Kai'Sa ...and others Star Guardian Nilah Star Guardian Orianna Star Guardian Senna Star Guardian Taliyah Star Nemesis Fiddlesticks This skin was first released in Wild Rift . References [ ] ↑ K/DA ALL OUT Seraphine - Ultimate Skin Explainer . ↑ This virtual influencer might be the next League of Legends champion .