Games Universe • League of Legends • Teamfight Tactics • Legends of Runeterra • Wild Rift Image Sett Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Sett the Boss Release date 2020-01-14 Last changed V13.17 Class(es) Juggernaut Legacy Fighter Tank Position(s) Top Support Resource Grit Range type Melee Adaptive type Physical Store price 1350 | 585 Crafting + 810 Ratings Damage 2 Toughness 2 Control 2 Mobility 2 Utility 1 Style Difficulty Champion Spotlight Sett Champion Spotlight Sett is a champion in League of Legends . [1] Gameplay • Cosmetics • Audio • Development • Patch History • History • Trivia Base statistics Sett Edit Health 670 +114 Resource N/A Health regen. (per 5s) 7 +0.5 Secondary Bar Grit Armor 33 +5.2 Attack damage 60 +4 Magic resist. 28 +2.05 Crit. damage 175% Move. speed 340 Attack range 125 Attack speed Base AS 0.625 Attack windup 21.429% AS ratio N/A Bonus AS +1.75 % Unit radius Gameplay radius 65 Selection radius 100 Pathing radius 35 Acq. radius 600 Special statistics ARAM Nexus Blitz One For All URF Ult Spellbook Arena Damage Dealt -10% Damage Received +10% Healing -10% Shielding -10% Ability Haste -20 Damage Dealt -5% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt -5% Damage Received +5% Damage Dealt +5% Damage Received -8% Damage Dealt -5% Damage Received +5% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Abilities [ ] Edit Pit Grit Pit Grit Innate - Heart of the Half-Beast: Sett regenerates 「 an additional 0. 15 / 0. 5 / 1 / 2 (based on level) health per second for every 5% of his missing health . 」 「 up-to 2. 85 / 9. 5 / 19 / 38 (based on level) health per second (maximum reached at 95% missing health ). 」 Innate - Heavy Hands: Sett's basic attacks alternate between his Left Punch and a Right Punch on-attack . Sett begins attacking with his Left Punch , and will reset back to it after 2 seconds of not performing a Right Punch . Sett's Right Punch is empowered to gain 50 bonus range (unless Knuckle Down is active), attack at 8 times the Left Punch's attack speed , and deal 5 − 90 (based on level) (+ 55% bonus AD) bonus physical damage . Hide Details Info Targeting input Passive Damage type Type Sub-type Proc damage Physical Counters Parries Blocked The Right Punch does not grant bonus attack speed , rather its windup is sped up and fixed at 「 12. 5 % of a Left Punch's windup time. 」 「 800% of a Left Punch's windup speed. 」 The windup is still affected by cripples and attack speed buffs that were not already active for the previous Left Punch's . The bonus physical damage from the Right Punch benefits from life steal . Edit Knuckle Down Knuckle Down COOLDOWN : 9 / 8 / 7 / 6 / 5 CAST TIME: none Active: Sett empowers his next two basic attacks within 5 seconds to gain 50 bonus range and deal bonus physical damage , capped at 400 total damage of each attack against monsters . (bug) Bonus Physical Damage: 10 / 20 / 30 / 40 / 50 (+ 1% (+ 1 / 1. 5 / 2 / 2. 5 / 3% per 100 AD) of target's maximum health) Total Bonus Physical Damage: 20 / 40 / 60 / 80 / 100 (+ 2% (+ 2 / 3 / 4 / 5 / 6% per 100 AD) of target's maximum health) For 1. 5 seconds, Sett also gains 30% bonus movement speed while facing visible enemy champions within 2000 units. Knuckle Down resets Sett's basic attack timer. The empowered attacks are guaranteed to be a Left Punch followed by a Right Punch , resetting Sett's current Pit Grit state (if applicable) and ignoring the usual time-out period for a follow-up Right Punch . Hide Details Info Targeting input Auto Damage type Type Sub-type Proc damage Physical Counters Spell shield Parries Not Blocked See Notes The bonus movement speed buff is named Looking For a Fight . Knuckle Down can be dodged , blocked or missed while Sett is blinded . Due to the way the damage cap against monsters is implemented, Knuckle Down may deal less damage to monsters at high amounts of AD than Sett's basic attacks. (bug) If the attack critically strikes , the capped damage will. Edit Haymaker Haymaker COST: 100% Current Grit COOLDOWN: 18 / 16. 5 / 15 / 13. 5 / 12 CAST TIME: 0. 75 RANGE: 725 WIDTH: 60 ANGLE: 27° Passive: Sett stores 100% of post-mitigation damage taken as Grit on his resource bar, up to 50% of his maximum health . Each instance of stored Grit decays by 30% every second after 4 seconds. Active: Sett immediately grants himself a shield equal to his expended Grit for 3 seconds, decaying after 0. 75 seconds, and charges up a strike over the cast time. After the cast time, he unleashes a blast in a cone in the target direction that deals physical damage to enemies hit; those hit in a center line are dealt true damage instead. Damage: 80 / 100 / 120 / 140 / 160 (+ 25% (+ 25% per 100 bonus AD) of expended Grit ) Hide Details Info Targeting input Direction Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Physical damage / True damage Counters Spell shield Projectile Blocked Not Blocked PENDING FOR TEST: Trapezoid effect hitbox geometry values, backwards range (true damage rectangle does NOT start at 0 distance from Sett; doesn'T have as much reach backwards while still being edge range). The shield is created immediately and will decay after the blast delay. The buff for the shield is named Down But Not Out . Sett does not store Grit from damage that was mitigated by shields . This ability will cast from wherever the caster is at the end of the cast time. Sett will turn towards the target direction at the start of the cast time. Sett will glow when attaining 90% Grit . Casting Haymaker at this amount has a different visual and audio effect. Sett will turn golden (base skin) . Edit Facebreaker Facebreaker COOLDOWN: 16 / 14. 5 / 13 / 11. 5 / 10 CAST TIME: 0. 25 RANGE: 450 WIDTH: 280 Active: Sett pulls in enemies at his front and back along the target direction, dealing physical damage and slowing them by 70% for 0. 5 seconds. Physical Damage: 50 / 70 / 90 / 110 / 130 (+ 60% AD) If Facebreaker affects at least one enemy on each side, all enemies are stunned for 1 second upon landing. Sett is unable to move or attack for 0. 25 seconds after Facebreaker's cast time. Link ▶️ "Facebreaker!" Hide Details Info Targeting input Direction Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Physical Counters Spell shield Projectile Blocked Not Blocked Sett will afterwards attempt to basic attack the closest target picked up by Facebreaker , prioritising champions and prioritising those in front of him. If Facebreaker does not hit an enemy, Haymaker is also unable to be cast for 0. 25 seconds after the cast time. Targets will be pulled towards Sett's location in a straight line and rebound to 150 units from him back in the same line. The spell indicator is slightly shorter than the actual hitbox' rectangle length, and slightly wider than the width (note that the effects are edge-range from the hitbox rectangle). If targets on either opposite side are protected by spell shields , Facebreaker will not stun . This ability will cast from wherever the caster is at the end of the cast time. Type Cast time Attacking Disabled Abilities Disabled Movement Disabled Items Usable Shurelya's Battlesong Youmuu's Ghostblade Randuin's Omen Disabled All the other item-actives are disabled Interrupted by N/A Consumables Usable Spells Usable Barrier Clarity Cleanse Exhaust Ghost Heal Ignite Smite Disabled Flash Teleport Recall Hexflash Interrupted by N/A Interrupted by Death, unless protected by Resurrection Edit The Show Stopper The Show Stopper COOLDOWN: 120 / 100 / 80 CAST TIME: none TARGET RANGE: 400 EFFECT RADIUS: 600 Active: Sett suppresses and reveals the target enemy champion while dashing with displacement immunity to their location and attaching them to himself upon arrival. He leaps another 600 units in the same direction to slam the target into the ground, creating a massive shockwave and quickly sliding forward 250 units beyond the impact. Enemies within the epicenter take physical damage , and other enemies hit by the shockwave take physical damage that is reduced by up to 75% based on proximity. All targets hit are slowed by 99% for 1 second. Physical Damage: 200 / 300 / 400 (+ 120% bonus AD) (+ 40 / 50 / 60% of primary target's bonus health) Reduced Damage: 50 / 75 / 100 (+ 30% bonus AD) (+ 10 / 12. 5 / 15% of primary target's bonus health) The dash will end and create the impact prematurely upon encountering terrain that cannot be dashed through, whether by distance or invalid space. Link ▶️ "This is gonna hurt!" Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Unit Target out-of-range override Walk in range of the target Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Physical Counters Spell shield Grounded Knockdown Blocked Disabled Not Interrupted At maximum cast range and if the dash is not shortened due to terrain in Sett's way, The Show Stopper's movement takes 1. 5 seconds, causing the slam within 1. 23 seconds. Sett will dash from The Show Stopper even if the target resists the attachment or detaches from him, which can be done so by negating or removing the suppression . This includes if the target: Has a spell shield . Is crowd control immune or displacement immune . Uses a cleansing effect, either before or after the attachment. Dies or enters resurrection . Is Devoured . Sett will only attach the target to him if they are still suppressed upon his arrival. If the dash is interrupted, the target will be detached from Sett and the suppression will end immediately. If Sett enters resurrection the moment before the attachment, Sett will continue to perform the dash. (bug) If the target is untargetable upon Sett's arrival, he will stop the dash immediately. If the target is 2000 or more units away before Sett's arrival, he will not attach them to him. The suppression will last 5 seconds in this case. (bug) The "crater" VFX originates from the target's landing, which inaccurately illustrates the damage's area of effect (from Sett). (bug) Map-Specific Differences Nexus Blitz differences edit Damage against Scuttle Racer , loot Teemo , loot Veigar , and practice dummy is now based off the champion with the most bonus health on the enemy team. Champion skins [ ] This article section only contains champion skins. For all associated collection items, see Sett (Collection) . Original View in 3D 975 14.01.2020 A leader of Ionia's growing criminal underworld, Sett rose to prominence in the wake of the war with Noxus. Though he began as a humble challenger in the fighting pits of Navori, he quickly gained notoriety for his savage strength, and his ability to take seemingly endless amounts of punishment. Now, having climbed through the ranks of local combatants, Sett has muscled to the top, reigning over the pits he once fought in. Xander Mobus Alex 'alexplank' Flores Loot eligible Mecha Kingdoms View in 3D 1350 14.01.2020 A nameless barbarian who survived on the outskirts, Sett knew his greatest talent came from his fists. After building his wealth and reputation in brutal fighting pits, he created a new persona, donning the title of The Savage Wolf. Upon hearing of the leviathan invasion, he used his fame and fortune to acquire an Avalon of his own in order to, once and for all, prove his might in front of a captivated audience. Xander Mobus Alvin Lee Mecha Kingdoms Loot eligible Voice filter Additional/unique quotes New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Mecha Kingdoms Sett Chromas Amethyst Peacekeeper Pearl Ruby Tanzanite Turquoise Obsidian Dragon View in 3D 1350 01.10.2020 Once an outcast child, Sett swore he would gain power to destroy anyone who made him feel weak. The Obsidian Dragon took notice of his grit and ferocity and blessed him with obsidian-hardened skin. Sett now uses his superhuman strength to make a name for himself as a pit fighter, and every hit that bounces off his crystalline skin makes his enemies tremble. Xander Mobus Xiao Guang Sun, West Studio Dragonmancers Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Obsidian Dragon Sett Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Citrine Emberclaw Emerald Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Tenfold Triumph Prestige Obsidian Dragon View in 3D Special 01.10.2020 After cementing his reputation as an indomitable pit fighter, Sett used his winnings to give his mother the comfortable life of their dreams. With her happiness secured, Sett returns to the pits, determined to mentor talented young fighters and remake the fighting pits into a system that rewards not the richest or the largest, but the most determined. Xander Mobus Sanhua Chen, Kudos Productions Dragonmancers Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall This skin is a variant of Obsidian Dragon . Store variants are discounted for multiple purchases. Pool Party View in 3D 1350 09.06.2021 Braum's tropical drinks are a favorite of Sett's—the sweeter the taste and the bigger the flowers, the better! Anyone who has a problem with that can take it up with the Boss. He'll call the Lifeguard for you. Xander Mobus Ina Wong, West Studio Pool Party Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Pool Party Sett Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Firecracker View in 3D 1350 26.01.2022 Best known for his brawling, few realize that Sett is also an accomplished Lion Dancer. It's a surprisingly similar skillset; performing is all about good footwork, being fierce, and knowing how to wow the crowd—and who does that better than the Boss himself? Xander Mobus Augusto Quirino, West Studio Lunar Revel: Firecracker Loot eligible Legacy New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Firecracker Sett Chromas Amethyst Catseye Emerald Golden Tiger Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Turquoise Spirit Blossom View in 3D 1820 06.10.2022 Some guide the dead down the path; others tempt them from it. Another still has no allegiances, as his spirit lies in conflict with itself. Born from Kanmei and Akana, Sett lived harmoniously until, abandoned by his father, he sought retribution. Now he can only catch whispers of salvation as he spends his days challenging slain warriors, testing their worth. Xander Mobus Marie Magny, West Studio Spirit Blossom Loot eligible New voiceover New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Spirit Blossom Sett Chromas Catseye Emerald Night Blossom Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Soul Fighter View in 3D 1350 20.07.2023 This fighter is here to prove that fists CAN be the answer to everything! That is, assuming the question of everything is "how does one person win the most local tourneys in recorded history?" And he's not just doing it to look good—though that is a nice bonus—he's rising up the ranks to soul fightin' legend to make his momma proud. It's Sssssett! Xander Mobus Herbie Wang, Kudos Productions Soul Fighter Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Soul Fighter Sett Chromas Amethyst Citrine Emerald Limitless Meteorite Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Turquoise HEARTSTEEL View in 3D 1350 08.11.2023 Don't let the chiseled abs fool you: With savvy style and a heart of gold tempered by years of hard work supporting his mom, Sett has earned his confident rapper's swagger. His last music career ended when he punched a paparazzo, but he won't be kept down. People call Sett a lot of things, but when he's on stage with HEARTSTEEL, you can call him “boss.” Xander Mobus Bo 'chenbowow' Chen, Julia Yurtsev, Jennifer Wuestling HEARTSTEEL Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas HEARTSTEEL Sett Chromas Amethyst Catseye Citrine Emerald Pearl Rockstar Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Patch history [ ] For the expanded patch notes, see here Trivia [ ] Sett is one of 20 champions without a single ability power ratio on any ability: Aatrox , Camille , Darius , Dr. Mundo , Draven , Garen , Kayn , Kled , Naafiri , Nilah , Olaf , Pyke , Riven , Samira , Talon , Urgot , Xayah , Yone , and Zed . Rapidly using Sett's dance increases how fast he does his sit ups rather than restarting the animation. [2] Sett was teased ingame with the Sett's Calling Card loot item earnable in patch V9.24 . It was awarded by "Impressing Sett" (scoring first blood in PvP games) and openable from January 14, 2020. The card contained a Sett Champion Permanent. See also [ ] League of Legends Wiki | Champions Cancelled Champions Ao Shin Avasha Averdrian CeeCee Cyborg Cowboy Eagle Rider Gavid Husk Iron Engineer Ivan Omen Priscilla Rob Blackblade Seth Tabu Tiki Urf Well References ↑ Sett's profile page at LeagueOfLegends.com ↑ Whist on Sett Dance