Settings while in-game Settings while on the client The settings for League of Legends is the menu where the hotkey , graphic , sound , interface , and game features can be adjusted. It can be accessed during gameplay as well as in the Client . Contents 1 Hotkeys 1.1 Definitions 1.2 Default Hotkeys 1.2.1 Additional Hotkeys 2 Video 2.1 Definitions 3 Sound 3.1 Definitions 4 Interface 4.1 Definitions 5 Game Hotkeys [ ] The settings for the hotkey inputs. Definitions [ ] Abilities, Summoner Spells, and Items Quick Cast : Causes the spell to be cast as soon as its key is pressed. Normal Cast : Indicates the range of the spell before it is cast. Quick Cast with Indicator : Indicates the range of the spell while the spell's key is held down. Cast the pressed spell upon pressing another spell : Buffers a spell to cast during another spell's cast, if applicable. Self Cast / Quick + Self Cast : Causes the spell to automatically cast upon the player's champion, if applicable. Quick Cast with Indicator + Self Cast : Causes the spell to indicate its range while the spell's key is held down. Releasing the key automatically casts the spell upon the player's champion, if applicable. Target Champions Only : Causes the cursor to be unable to select units that are not champions. Teleport Home : Casts Recall . Trinket : Uses the trinket item in the inventory. Player Movement Player Move Click : Commands the champion to move to a location. Player Attack Move Click / Player Attack Move : Commands the champion to basic attack the enemy nearest to the cursor or nearest to them. Player Attack Only Click : Commands the champion to attack the enemy selected by the cursor. Player Hold Position / Player Stop Position : Commands the champion to stop moving. Move Pet Click : Commands a champion summoned unit to attack a target or move to a location. Camera Control Center Camera on Champion / Select Self : Centers the camera on the player's champion. Select Ally : Centers the camera on an allied champion. Toggle Camera Lock : Toggles the ability to lock the camera to the center of the player's champion either on or off. Scroll : Moves the camera up, down, left, or right. Drag Scroll : Moves the camera in the direction of the mouse's movement. Drag Scroll Lock : Toggles the ability to move the camera in the direction of the mouse's movement either on or off. Display Show Health Bars : Displays health bars for all units. Toggle Minion Health Bars : Toggles the ability to display health bars for minions. Show Summoner Names : Displays names above all champions' health bars. Show / Hide HUD : Turns the HUD on or off on the screen. Toggle FPS Display : Toggles the frame rate indicator at the corner of the screen either on or off. Toggle Death Recap Showcase : Toggles the death recap showcase while dead either on or off. Communication Alert Ping : Triggers the "Alert" ping. Quick Alert Ping : Triggers the "Alert" ping instantly. Retreat Ping : Triggers the "Retreat" ping. On My Way Ping : Triggers the "On My Way" ping. Missing Enemy Ping : Triggers the "Missing Enemy" ping. Danger Ping : Triggers the "Danger" ping. Assist Me Ping : Triggers the "Assist Me" ping. Area is Warded Ping : Triggers the "Area is Warded" ping. Joke : Triggers the champion's joke interaction. Taunt : Triggers the champion's taunt interaction. Dance : Triggers the champion's dance interaction. Laugh : Triggers the champion's laugh interaction. Toggle : Toggles the champion's special interaction, if applicable. Mastery Emote : Plays the mastery emote, if applicable. Chat History : Enlarges the chat menu. Open Emote Wheel : Opens the wheel of available emotes to use. Open Instant Emote Wheel : Opens the emote wheel instantly. Quick Play Emote : Quickly plays the emote within the wheel that is in the Northern, Southern, Eastern, Western, or Center position of the wheel. Menu Show Scoreboard : Displays the scoreboard on the screen. Show Scoreboard (Hold) : Displays the scoreboard on the screen while the key is held down. Toggle Mouse Screen Lock : Toggles the ability to lock the mouse to the screen. System Menu : Displays the in-game settings on the screen. Show Advanced Player Stats : Displays the champion's runes and other stats in the HUD. Toggle Basic Player Stats : Switches between the champion's basic stats, runes, and eternals. Item Shop Open Shop : Opens the shop on the screen. Focus Shop Search Bar : Selects the search bar in the shop. Switch Shop Tabs : Switches the current tab to the next tab in the shop. Practice Tool Fast forward 30 sec : Accelerates game time by 30 seconds. Add gold : Grants 10,000 gold to player's champion. Level up : Grants a level up to player's champion. Lock XP level : Locks experience value of player's champion. Auto-refresh Cooldowns : Refreshes the cooldowns of the player's champion. Reset game : Resets the game. Auto-refresh HP : Heals the player's champion for 1000 periodically. Auto-refresh Mana/Energy : Fully restores the champion's mana or energy periodically. Revive : Reduces the champion's death timer to 0. Spawn allied dummy : Grants the allied dummy spawn command. Spawn enemy dummy : Grants the enemy dummy spawn command. Clear target dummies : Removes all target dummies. Spawn Cloud Drake : Spawns Cloud Drake . Spawn Elder Dragon : Spawns Elder Dragon . Spawn Infernal Drake : Spawns Infernal Drake . Spawn Mountain Drake : Spawns Mountain Drake . Spawn Ocean Drake : Spawns Ocean Drake . Spawn Jungle Camps : Resets spawn timer for all neutral jungle camps. Spawn Jungle Plants : Resets spawn timer for all jungle plants. Teleport to cursor : Grants the teleport to cursor command. Toggle minion spawn : Toggles the spawning of minions on or off. Toggle tower fire : Toggles the ability for turrets to fire on or off. Toggle tower invincibility : Toggles the invincibility of turrets on or off. Advanced Keybinding Options Bind auto attack move to left click : Changes the hotkey for movement commands to MB1 . Default Hotkeys [ ] Champion ability hotkeys are set to Q , W , E , and R by default. Each of the champion's abilities are represented by Spell 1 , Spell 2 , Spell 3 , and Spell 4 . Summoner spell hotkeys are set to D and F by default. Each of the champion's summoner spells are represented by Summoner Spell 1 and Summoner Spell 2 . Item hotkeys are set to 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , and 7 by default. Each of the champion's item actives are represented by Trinket , Item 1 , Item 2 , Item 3 , Item 5 , Item 6 , and Item 7 . Abilities, summoner spells, and item actives can all be set to either Quick Cast or Normal Cast . Additional Hotkeys [ ] Additional hotkeys for all other uses can be changed in this tab. Abilities and Summoner Spells Hotkeys for casting champion abilities and summoner spells with Quick Cast and Self Cast are set by default. Quick Cast : Shift + Q for Spell 1 , Shift + W for Spell 2 , Shift + E for Spell 3 , Shift + R for Spell 4 , Shift + D for Summoner Spell 1 , and Shift + F for Summoner Spell 2 . Self Cast : Alt + Q for Spell 1 , Alt + W for Spell 2 , Alt + E for Spell 3 , Alt + R for Spell 4 , Alt + D for Summoner Spell 1 , and Alt + F for Summoner Spell 2 . Hotkeys for leveling up the champion's abilities are set to Ctrl + Q for Spell 1 , Ctrl + W for Spell 2 , Ctrl + E for Spell 3 , and Ctrl + R for Spell 4 . Hotkeys for champion specific interactions are set to Shift + F1 for Champion Specific Interaction 1 , Shift + F2 for Champion Specific Interaction 2 , Shift + F3 for Champion Specific Interaction 3 , Shift + F4 for Champion Specific Interaction 4 , Shift + F5 for Champion Specific Interaction 5 , and Shift + F6 for Champion Specific Interaction 6 . Hotkey for Target Champions Only is set to ` . Hotkey for Teleport Home is set to B . Items Hotkeys for activating items with Quick Cast and Self Cast are set by default. Quick Cast : Shift + 4 for Trinket , Shift + 1 for Item 1 , Shift + 2 for Item 2 , Shift + 3 for Item 3 , Shift + 4 for Item 5 , Shift + 6 for Item 5 , and Shift + 7 for Item 6 . Self Cast : Alt + 4 for Trinket , Alt + 1 for Item 1 , Alt + 2 for Item 2 , Alt + 3 for Item 3 , Alt + 4 for Item 5 , Alt + 6 for Item 5 , and Alt + 7 for Item 6 . Player Movement Hotkeys for commanding the player's champion to move or attack are set by default. Player Move Click : MB2 Player Attack Move Click / Player Attack Move : Shift + MB2 / A or X Player Hold Position / Player Stop Position : J / S Move Pet Click : Alt + MB2 or Ctrl + MB2 Camera Control Hotkeys for controlling the camera are set by default. Center Camera on Champion / Select Self : Space / F1 Select Ally : F2 for Ally 1 , F3 for Ally 2 , F4 for Ally 3 , and F5 for Ally 4 . Toggle Camera Lock : Y Scroll Up : Up Scroll Down : Down Scroll Left : Left Scroll Right : Right Drag Scroll : MB3 Display Only two hotkeys for showing specific information on the screen are set by default. Toggle FPS Display : Ctrl + F Toggle Death Recap Showcase : N Communication Hotkeys for only two pings as well as all champion emotes are set by default. Alert Ping / Quick Alert Ping : G / Alt + MB1 Retreat Ping / Quick Retreat Ping : V / Ctrl + MB1 Area is Warded Ping : H Joke : Ctrl + 1 Taunt : Ctrl + 2 Dance : Ctrl + 3 Laugh : Ctrl + 4 Toggle : Ctrl + 5 Mastery Emote : Ctrl + 6 Chat History : Z Quick Open Emote Wheel : T Menus Hotkeys for showing menus on the screen are set by default. Show Scoreboard / Show Scoreboard (Hold) : O / Tab Toggle Mouse Screen Lock : F9 System Menu : Esc Show Advanced Player Stats : C Toggle Basic Player Stats : Ctrl + C Item Shop Hotkeys for the shop are set by default. Open Shop : P Focus Shop Search Bar : Ctrl + L / Ctrl + Rtn Switch Shop Tabs : Ctrl + Tab Video [ ] The settings for the game's graphics. Graphic qualities range from Very Low , Low , Medium , High , and Very High . There are slight noticeable differences in graphics between Very Low and Low as well as High and Very High . Definitions [ ] Resolution Resolution : Defines the resolution of the game on the screen; current supported resolutions include 1024 × 768, 1280 × 720 , 1280 × 800 , 1280 × 1024 , 1440 × 900 , 1600 × 900 , 1680 × 1050 , and 1920 × 1080 . Color Blind mode : Changes the colors of the screen for red-green color blindness. Hide Eye candy : Disables ambient and critter effects. Window Mode Window Mode : Mode of the game's window can be set to Full Screen , Borderless , or Windowed . Full Screen : Window occupies entire screen. Borderless : Window occupies the screen without any borders. Windowed : Window occupies the screen with borders. Use relative team colors : Causes all allied minions and structures to appear blue and all enemy minions and structures to appear red regardless of the starting side. Enable screen shake : Allows the screen to shake during certain times in gameplay. Graphics Character Quality : Determines the quality of the character models. Effects Quality : Determines the quality of visual effects. Environment Quality : Determines the quality of the map's environment. Shadow Quality : Determines the quality of shadows. Advanced Frame Rate Cap : Applies a cap to the frame rate of the game; current frame rate caps include Uncapped , 25 FPS , 30 FPS , 60 FPS , 80 FPS , 120 FPS , 144 FPS , 200 FPS , and 240 FPS . Anti-Aliasing : Improves visual quality by reducing jaggedness of objects on the screen. Wait for Vertical Sync : Increases the stability of the images on the screen. Accessibility Color Level : Adjusts the degree of lightness or darkness of colors. Color Gamma : Adjusts the smoothness of black colors transitioning to white colors. Color Brightness : Adjusts the brightness of colors. Color Contrast : Adjusts the contrast of colors. Sound [ ] The settings for the sounds. The music theme that is played while in Summoner's Rift can be changed to either Updated or Classic . Definitions [ ] Master Volume : Volume of all sounds. Music Volume : Volume of the music theme. Announcer Volume : Volume of the announcer. Voice Volume : Volume of the champion's quotes Sound FX Volume : Volume of sound effects. Ambience Volume : Volume of background sounds. Pings Volume : Volume of triggered pings. Disable All Sound : Turns off all sounds. Interface [ ] The settings for interfaces on the screen. Definitions [ ] Interface Size HUD Scale : Scales the size of the champion's HUD. Cursor Scale : Scales the size of the cursor. Shop Scale : Scales the size of the shop. Chat Scale : Scales the size of the chat. Minimap Scale : Scales the size of the minimap. Death Recap Scale : Scales the size of the death recap. Practice Tool Scale : Scales the size of the practice tool menu. Health and Resource Bars Show Health Bars : Displays health bars for all units. Show Loss of Control UI : Displays crowd control statuses above champions' health bars. Enable HUD Animations : Enables the animation for the health and mana bars in the HUD. Show Health Bar animations : Displays animations on the health bar. Show Health Bar Shake : Displays the shake on a champion's health bar when they lose a lot of health in a short period of time. Show Names Above Health Bar : Displays either no name, the champion's name, or the summoner's name above all champions' health bars. Notifications Screen flash on damage : Causes the screen to flash red when the player's champion takes damage. Screen flash on loss of control : Causes the screen to flash white when the player's champion becomes affected by hard crowd control. Show new player tooltips : Displays tooltips for beginner players. Champion Highlight on Camera Center : Displays a highlight around the player's champion while the camera is centered on them when using the hotkey for either Center Camera on Champion or Select Self . Legacy Cursor Enable legacy cursor : Displays the old cursor from the new cursor. Tooltips Always show extended Tooltip info : Displays additional information within tooltips. Ability and Attack Display Show Target Frame on attack : Displays an outline when targeting an enemy. Enable line missile display : Displays a linear indicator rather than a circular indicator while the range of an ability is indicated. Show Attack Range : Displays the champion's attack range when using the hotkey for Player Attack Move . Show Spell Costs : Displays the cost of the champion's abilities in the HUD. Disable HUD spell click : Disables the ability to use the HUD with the mouse. Ability Cooldown Display : Time displayed for the cooldown of spells can be set to None , Seconds , Minutes , or Minutes + Seconds . Minimap Show Neutral Camps : Displays the monster icons on the minimap. Allow Minimap Movement : Allows movement commands to be inputted through the minimap. Show Minimap on left : Displays the minimap on the left of the screen. Scoreboard Mirror Scoreboard Layout : Adjusts the layout of the scoreboard. Show Summoner Names : Displays the summoner names of all players' champions. Team Frames Show Team Frames on Left : Displays champion portraits on the allied team to the left instead of the right. Chat Show [All] Chat (Matched Game) : Allows the player to see messages in the chat by enemy players. Show [Allied] Chat : Allows the player to see messages in the chat by allied players. Show Timestamps : Indicates the time at which a message was sent in the chat. Emotes Mute Enemy Emotes : Prevents emotes from being played by enemies. Emote Bubble Display : Emote bubble displayed on the screen can be turned on or off, and the sound of emotes can be set off. Emote Size : Size of emotes can be set to normal or small. Eternals Eternal Milestone Display : Milestones of eternals can be set for viewable from all players, only the player and their teammates, or no players. Combat Text Gold : Displays the text for when gold is earned. Damage : Displays the text for when the player's champion deals damage. Quest : Displays the text for quests. Enemy Damage : Displays the text for when the player's champion takes damage. Level : Displays the text for indicating level ups. Score : Displays the text for achieving a score. Heal : Displays the text for when a champion heals. Mana : Displays the text for when mana is consumed. Dodge : Displays the text for when a champion dodges an attack. Special : Displays the text for special effects. Experience : Displays the text for when the player's champion receives experience. Game [ ] The general settings for the game. Controls Mouse speed : Adjusts the speed of the mouse's tracking. Camera move speed (Mouse) : Adjusts the camera speed with the mouse when it tracks off the screen. Camera move speed (Keyboard) : Adjusts the camera speed when using the Scroll hotkeys. Move camera on revive : Automatically moves the camera to the center of the player's champion when they respawn. Enable smooth camera : Causes the camera to move smoothly on the screen. Mouse button drag scroll : Causes the camera to move wherever the mouse moves without tracking off the screen. Camera Lock Mode Camera Lock Mode : Mode of locked screen can be set to Per-Side Offset , Fixed Offset , or Semi-Locked . Per-Side Offset : Displays the camera at a slight shift to the right or left of the player's champion depending on their starting side. Fixed Offset : Displays the camera directly on the player's champion. Semi-Locked : Allows the camera to be moved while maintaining view of the player's champion. Gameplay Auto attack : Causes the player's champion to attack enemies autonomously while no other commands are being inputted. Show turret range indicators (Coop vs AI only) : Displays the attack range of turrets. Use movement prediction : Predicts the movement of the player's champion while losing connection to the game's server. Attack move on cursor : Causes the hotkey for Player Attack Move to prioritize attacking the target closest to the cursor instead of the target closest to the player's champion. Treat 'Target Champions Only' as a toggle : Converts the hotkey for the Target Champions Only to a toggle.