For the client store, see Riot Store . Clockwise From Top Left: Order side Summoner's Rift stall, Chaos side Summoner's Rift stall, Lyte, Gregor, Finn, Bubbs, the Crystal Scar store cart, and the Twisted Treeline shop. The shop is a vendor where the player can purchase items by spending gold . Items empower the player's champion on the battlefield and augment their gameplay, providing powerful effects and improving their statistics. Purchasing an item is equivalent to equipping it, and selling an item also unequips it . Contents 1 Access 2 Functions 2.1 Purchasing 2.2 Selling 2.3 Undoing 3 Organization 3.1 Quickbuy Panels 4 Shopkeepers 4.1 Quotes 4.2 List of Shopkeepers 5 Trivia 6 Media Access [ ] The shop can be viewed from anywhere on the map. Players can access the shop interface by clicking on the gold counter on the HUD or by using the associated hotkey (default P ). The shop can also be opened by clicking directly on the map's shopkeeper stall ( the cursor lights up with a gold coin icon, when the stall is highlighted ). The champion must be in proximity of the shop in order to obtain and sell items. On Classic -styled maps, the fountain always has a dedicated shop, which is exclusively accessible by each team according to the side of the map they start from. Functions [ ] Purchasing [ ] Purchasing items is done by double-clicking or right-clicking on an item's icon in the shop, or highlighting the item and clicking on the Purchase button at the bottom right. Some items are exclusive to one another , and the player will be locked out of purchasing them. Certain items may have item group limitations , which prohibit the purchase of duplicates and other items with similar effects ( note: this excludes purchases that consume the item via upgrading ). For example, the player is only allowed to own one Boots item at a time, and cannot purchase other Boots items without selling it first. The current remaining gold cost of an item will be displayed under their icon at all times, whether they are available or unavailable, and across all panels. Items that the player does not have enough gold for, are greyed out. Items that the player is not allowed to purchase due to item group limitations, are greyed out and also display a lock . Available items will be lit up. Selling [ ] Items can be sold to the shop, with diminished value. Higher-tier items may return 70% of their total gold value upon selling, while lower-tier ones return only 40%. The player can sell items by first highlighting them in their inventory, or in the bottom Quickbuy panel ; then either clicking on the Sell button at the bottom left, or right-clicking on them directly. Undoing [ ] The Undo button at the bottom left can be used to revoke purchased items and recall sold ones, in order of the player's actions. Undoing can be done so long as the champion has not left the vicinity of the shop, has not entered combat, and/or the item in question has not activated. If these conditions are not met, undoing will be unavailable and the button will be greyed out. Organization [ ] The shop has three main pages: Recommended , All Items , and Item Sets . These pages can be navigated through by clicking or by using the associated hotkey (default Ctrl + Tab ) while the shop is open. The item shop interface. Search bar The search bar is another important important accessibility feature of the shop, available at all times. The search bar is able to recognize item names, but also their descriptions, offered statistics, and (for certain items) any internal nicknames they may have: for example, typing in 'bt' will result in Bloodthirster ; typing 'tons of damage' will result in Trinity Force ( these "nicknames" or "keywords" may be documented on an item's article on this wiki. ). The search bar can be highlighted by clicking on it or by using the associated hotkey (default Ctrl + L ). Highlighted Item area At the right-hand side of the shop, the selected item is shown; this area is permanently visible in the shop. The area will be empty at the beginning of a game, until the player selects their first item. Highlighting an item is preserved between shopping sessions, so it can be used to 'bookmark' an item for future purchase. Experienced players may also use it as a means of navigating to or between higher-tier items. All information for the highlighted item is shown, including its recipe (at the middle), other items that it itself may build into (at the top), and the item's attributes (at the bottom)—such as stats , named item effects , and its total gold cost. The Purchase button is also located in this area at the far bottom, although double-clicking or right-clicking on an item's icon in the shop may be used as shortcuts (as also noted higher in this article). Recommended All Items Item Sets Recommended [ ] This page displays suggested purchases for the player's champion, based on the champion's role/gameplay, the champion's matchups, and the enemy champions' statistics in the current game. It is meant to provide the player with a shortcut as well as to ease the player into learning the champion's currently viable itemization. Items that are recommended are data-driven and update each patch, based on the most useful and popular build for the champion. As a player gains experience and knowledge of their champion, the suggestions that the Recommended tab displays may no longer be needed. The All Items tab exists for this purpose, allowing the player to look through all available items and parse them by applying filters. All Items [ ] This page displays a sortable grid of all the available items in the shop, categorized through filters that the player may select. Items that are not available on the current map or game mode will not appear in the shop. However, not all items shown in the shop are available to be bought. Various examples include: Champions without the Smite summoner spell cannot buy jungling items Champions who own Jungling items cannot buy Support/gold income items. There also exist items that can only be bought by a group of champions, like Runaan's Hurricane which may only be bought by champions whose attacks are ranged-type . And others. Upon choosing the All Items page, the shop will by default display the tab that corresponds to the class of the player's champion. Each tab groups items as the most viable purchases for their class in a given game, and is updated by the developers. This categorization could also prove especially useful for players that are generally aware of how items meant for their class may benefit their champion in the current game. Categories [ ] Item perusal is categorized by: Consumable Boots Popular (per champion) Champion class ( default focus ). Fighter Marksman Assassin Mage Tank Support There are other specific filters that sort items based on the stat or other passive effect they grant, visible at the left-hand side of the shop window. Clicking on a filter enables it, and clicking on it again disables it. Filters can also be combined ( note: so long as at least one item that includes that combination is available on the current mode and map ). Tiers [ ] Main article: Item Classification A rigid categorization sorts items based on quality tiers . Starter This item is designed as an ideal starting item, and usually provides some form of sustain. At game start, champions are usually provided with enough gold to buy a starter item and a few one-time use items (most often potions and Control Wards ). Basic This item provides some meager benefit. Epic This item provides mediocre passive benefits; some items of this tier also provide a special effect. Many Epic-tier items determine the general attributes and/or effects of Legendary- and Mythic-tier items that they may build into. Legendary This item provides substantial passive benefits, along with a special effect. Mythic This item provides substantial passive benefits along with a powerful special effect. In addition to other item purchase limitations, the player is only allowed to own one Mythic-tier item at a time. Item Sets [ ] Custom Item sets may be utilized by experienced players who have a tailored set of items that they wish to readily access for their played champions. Item sets are created and edited through the Collection tab in the League client . Item sets also allow players to bind a preferred slot that a purchased item will be automatically placed in. This automatic sorting only applies for purchasing items while the given item set is selected and visible, and also applies to Quickbuy panels . Custom sets can have as many categories, items per category, and combinations of items as the player wishes. They can also be set up to be usable by all or specific champions, and on all or specific maps. Quickbuy Panels [ ] The Quickbuy Panels are located at the far left of the shop screen and are permanently visible in the shop. They are meant for accessibility and are used to display general-purpose items such as potions, elixirs, wards, trinkets, and boots. Quickbuy panels can be pinned and unpinned, and allow the player to quickly access common and important items. There currently exist three Quickbuy panels: the Consumables tab, the Boots tab and the Inventory tab. The Consumables tab contains one-time use items such as elixirs, potions, wards and trinkets. The Boots tab contains Boots and its upgrades. The Inventory tab is equivalent to the player's inventory. Shopkeepers [ ] League of Legends has had numerous different shopkeepers throughout its history. Most shopkeepers were primarily used for Summoner's Rift, while the remaining ones are seen on Howling Abyss, Twisted Treeline, and other maps. Quotes [ ] Bubbs Finn Gregor Hermit Blue Shopkeeper of Butcher's Bridge , Bubbs Upon Entering the Store Link ▶️ "All profits go to cutting-edge research!" Link ▶️ "Have I read you my thesis on sea slugs?" Link ▶️ "Welcome to the dive site!" Link ▶️ "Would you like to join my expedition?" Link ▶️ "I brew my potions with salt water for that extra zing!" Upon Browsing the Store Link ▶️ "Everything I say is waterproof! Or if not, water-absorbent!" Link ▶️ "Perhaps I could tell you about my impending odyssey!" Link ▶️ "Frugality is not a virtue, I assure you." Link ▶️ "Purchase thoroughly! You'll never know when I shove off!" Link ▶️ "You look like an aspiring patron of scientific research!" Upon Buying an Item Link ▶️ "Perfect!" Link ▶️ "Delightful!" Link ▶️ "Impeccable taste!" Link ▶️ "My, that is a beauty!" Link ▶️ "Every little bit helps!" Link ▶️ "You've just supported science!" Link ▶️ "That is a singular find... oh, but I have more, if you need them!" Link ▶️ "It complements you perfectly." Link ▶️ "That is guaranteed for, at a minimum, ballast." Link ▶️ "I've sold four of those today!" Link ▶️ "That will spur - or deter - violence swimmingly!" Link ▶️ "Yeah, I have absolutely no idea what that does. Good luck!" Link ▶️ "Thank you for contributing to my expedition." Link ▶️ "Would you like that wrapped?" Link ▶️ "Uh, sorry, I haven't gotten around to drying that off!" Link ▶️ "I prefer you only killed bad people with this - or nautical sceptics." Link ▶️ "That is, uh... most probably valuable!" Link ▶️ "A bare minimum of rust." Link ▶️ "No price is too great for progress." Link ▶️ "That will serve you splendidly." Link ▶️ "Keep this up, and I'll be diving in no time." Link ▶️ "You'll receive a special thanks in my paper." Link ▶️ "Now that you've got the hang of it, purchase something else!" Link ▶️ "Why not pick up a gift... for science?" Link ▶️ "Your gold will be put to good use." Link ▶️ "Now you're part of the adventure!" Link ▶️ "No need to explain what you plan to do with that." Link ▶️ "I can tell you're a collector." Link ▶️ "There's simply no better - for whatever that does." Upon Leaving the Store Link ▶️ "Come back soon, or you might miss me!" Link ▶️ "I wish you aquatic adventures!" Link ▶️ "Oh, please, recommend me to friends! And investors!" Link ▶️ "Good luck with your landward pursuits!" Link ▶️ "Right then, back to my blueprints." Link ▶️ "Uh, let me know if you chance upon any unclaimed propellers!" Link ▶️ "Oh, is that it?" Link ▶️ "Return any time you like, preferably loaded." Link ▶️ "If I'm not here when you return, sink some snacks for me." Link ▶️ "Never abandon your dreams! Or your scientific pioneers!" While Idling Near the Store Link ▶️ "The sea is the final frontier!" Link ▶️ "I've been designing some new fins!" Link ▶️ "Did you know - clams can smell colours!" Link ▶️ "Once, people could breathe in water! Then we forgot how." Link ▶️ "So many mysteries to explore." Link ▶️ "I can't wait to see what lies beneath!" Link ▶️ "Whale crabs. Octo-salmon. Barnacle sharks. Who knows what I'll find?" Link ▶️ "The helmet never comes off! Well, except when I get hungry." Link ▶️ "I theorize that beneath this ocean, there is another, wetter, ocean!" Link ▶️ "Undersea exploration isn't a job, it's a privilege!" Link ▶️ "I've done several trial runs in local puddles. I'm ready for the big show!" Link ▶️ "The real sunken treasure is aquatic knowledge." Link ▶️ "Just as soon as I perfect my submersible, I'll be off!" Link ▶️ "I can't wait to school some fish." Link ▶️ "Sea monsters are no more than misunderstood ambassadors of the deep." Link ▶️ "Exploring the sea in a boat is like eating a melon by the rind!" Link ▶️ "Bilgewater is a lovely place - principally when facing out to sea." Link ▶️ "My research indicates that if you hold your breath long enough, you can kick the habit! You just need to stay awake." Link ▶️ "One day, the ocean will be my oyster - and the ocean's oysters will be my breakfast!" Link ▶️ "Oh, don't get me started on buoyancy." Link ▶️ "Gadgetry in Piltover, extinct overlords in Freljord? Hmph! I'll show them!" Link ▶️ "There's evidence to suggest that manatees once ruled the land and sea!" Upon Entering the Store as... Corki Link ▶️ "A flying ship? I happen to be building a sinking ship myself." Diana Link ▶️ "Diana? I believe I can finally prove that the tide attracts the moon!" Draven Link ▶️ "Draven? With your celebrity endorsement, I believe I could reach my funding goal." Ezreal Link ▶️ "Oh, Ezreal? How's the family?" Fizz Link ▶️ "I'm sorry, Fizz, but your appraisal of the deep ocean seems suspect to me." Gangplank Link ▶️ "Oh, hello! You must be a fellow captain! We should trade notes." Heimerdinger Link ▶️ "Hello, Heimerdinger! I trust you will find my research most illuminating - just as soon as I've begun it." Nami Link ▶️ "Nonsense! Merfolk don't exist! Where's your zipper?" Nautilus Link ▶️ "A fine attempt - but I'm quite certain you'll never reach the bottom of the ocean in that suit." Link ▶️ "Well, you just look ridiculous!" Rumble Link ▶️ "I bet I could get that suit of yours seaworthy." Sivir Link ▶️ "I hear you have, uh, quite a lot of gold and an entrepreneurial spirit. We should talk." Tahm Kench Link ▶️ "Tahm Kench? What sort of protracted ruination would buy me a trip to the ocean floor?" Udyr Link ▶️ "Have you considered incorporating 'beluga' into your stances, Udyr?" Red Shopkeeper of Butcher's Bridge , Finn Upon Entering the Store Link ▶️ "Fresh-caught! All manner of things I can't eat." Link ▶️ "Bargains ahoy!" Link ▶️ "Buy some of these potions, before they go bad." Link ▶️ "Every item's been tempered by the ocean." Link ▶️ "Please buy something. The stuff is heavy!" Upon Browsing the Store Link ▶️ "The albatross is circling." Link ▶️ "I've washed the guts off everything." Link ▶️ "I'll throw in some bait! No extra charge." Link ▶️ "I'll give you the angler's discount." Link ▶️ "May as well cast a line, if you've got a sec." Upon Buying an Item Link ▶️ "You could use that for fishing - probably." Link ▶️ "That'll do the trick." Link ▶️ "Who you planning to fillet?" Link ▶️ "Took me forever to scrape the barnacles off that." Link ▶️ "Found that in an eel." Link ▶️ "Pretty sure that's been eaten by a kraken." Link ▶️ "A privateer's best friend." Link ▶️ "May it bring you luck." Link ▶️ "Nearly got my hand bit off for that." Link ▶️ "Another gift from the sea floor." Link ▶️ "I meant to catch that instead of a fish." Link ▶️ "Men've been killed for less." Link ▶️ "A bit soggy... but still good!" Link ▶️ "Aha! And they said no-one would buy that!" Link ▶️ "Dredged up just for you." Link ▶️ "That'll do exactly what it ought to." Link ▶️ "The seaweed didn't wanna' let go of that." Link ▶️ "No idea how I hooked that." Link ▶️ "That is definitely worth what you paid for it." Link ▶️ "Don't mind the slime. It'll dry." Link ▶️ "Suspicious number of those in the south bay." Link ▶️ "Don't use that on a blue moon." Link ▶️ "That... might be cursed." Link ▶️ "Plenty more junk where that came from." Link ▶️ "Save that for a special occasion." Link ▶️ "Here! Take it!" Link ▶️ "Thought I'd never sell that." Link ▶️ "Salvage at its best." Link ▶️ "Couldn't've picked better myself." Upon Leaving the Store Link ▶️ "I'll be here until high tide." Link ▶️ "Don't slip off the docks!" Link ▶️ "Here's hoping you land a big one!" Link ▶️ "May your lines never snap!" Link ▶️ "Good luck with your carnage!" Link ▶️ "Look out for leviathans." Link ▶️ "Keep an eye out for fishin' holes." Link ▶️ "Alright, this time I'm gonna' catch something." Link ▶️ "Remember, the monster's out there... waiting." Link ▶️ "Stay the course, now!" While Idling Near the Store Link ▶️ "The fish just aren't nibblin' like they used to." Link ▶️ "Surprising what you'll find in the gullet of a guppy." Link ▶️ "There's nothing quite like the thrill of battle... with a fish... that you hooked." Link ▶️ "The sea's no place for people." Link ▶️ "Have you ever seen a storm at sea? Forget it!" Link ▶️ "Got my fill of the briny deep, thank ye very much." Link ▶️ "I'll take bug bites over shark bites any day." Link ▶️ "The ocean's basically one giant watery graveyard." Link ▶️ "For every sunken treasure promised, you find about ninety-nine old boots." Link ▶️ "If you ever see her , you'll know why land's the place for you." Link ▶️ "My grandfolks used to live up north. Glad I'm not stuck up there." Link ▶️ "The sea's full of secrets." Link ▶️ "I wonder when those watchers are gonna return... the whale watchers, I mean." Link ▶️ "My sailing days are done. It's an angler's life for me, now!" Link ▶️ "The sea'll take ye in a blink!" Link ▶️ "Uh oh, where's that octopus gotten to?" Link ▶️ "I remember the worst monster... oh, it had a dark and mysterious past." Link ▶️ "Catching a whale seems like a good idea... until you try taking it home." Link ▶️ "Sometimes I feel like I was supposed to be a warrior... or at least some sort of trumped-up guardian." Upon Entering the Store as... Ashe Link ▶️ "Ashe. I feel strangely disarmed around you." Fizz Link ▶️ "Fizz. You're definitely the sort I'd throw back." Link ▶️ "Don't suppose you'd take a job as... bait?" Gangplank Link ▶️ "Captain, I'll be all paid-up by the end of the week! I promise!" Gragas Link ▶️ "Hey, whatchu' got in that cask o' yours?" Graves Link ▶️ "Didn't expect to see you on this side of town, Graves." Karthus Link ▶️ "Urgh, not the Harrowing again!" Maokai Link ▶️ "Huh. You don't see too many fellas with two wooden legs." Miss Fortune Link ▶️ "Ma'am, best of luck with your bounties." Nami Link ▶️ "Hi, Nami. Still sorry about that whole 'net' incident." Nautilus Link ▶️ "This is exactly why I retired." Rek'Sai Link ▶️ "Like I didn't get enough of your type at sea." Twisted Fate Link ▶️ "Twisted Fate. Pretty much everyone's been looking for you." Twitch Link ▶️ "Wow, what sinking ship did you abandon?" Blue Shopkeeper of Howling Abyss , Gregor Upon Entering the Store Link ▶️ "I am Iceborn ." Link ▶️ "I guard this place lest the Watchers return." Link ▶️ "Ah, you smell of battle! (sniffs) That's the stuff!" Link ▶️ "Prepare yourselves for the greatest battle of your lives." Link ▶️ "Welcome!" Link ▶️ "Greetings." Link ▶️ "Hail." Link ▶️ "Prove your worth." Link ▶️ "Take the bridge." Link ▶️ "Artifacts for the worthy." Link ▶️ "To the victor go the spoils." Link ▶️ "Throw them into the abyss!" Upon Entering the Store with a Lot of Gold Link ▶️ "You've earned your place in the afterlife, my friend." Link ▶️ "They must tremble at the sight of you." Upon Browsing the Store Link ▶️ "Oh, no, take your time! I'm already dead!" Link ▶️ "Battle is a lot more interesting than shopping, you know." Link ▶️ "Shouldn't you be killing someone?" Upon Buying an Item Link ▶️ "Nice choice." Link ▶️ "Take this." Link ▶️ "Cold steel." Link ▶️ "Bought with blood." Link ▶️ "There's more killing to do." Link ▶️ "Worthy of an Iceborn." Link ▶️ "Fight for Freljord ." Link ▶️ "Strike like an Iceborn." Link ▶️ "A mighty weapon." Link ▶️ "Freljord's finest." Link ▶️ "That one's magical, I think." Link ▶️ "It's an ancient artifact, but it's still good!" Link ▶️ "The blood price has been paid." Link ▶️ "Sharpen it on their skulls." Link ▶️ "Guaranteed to help you kill things." Link ▶️ "Good choice! That one's seen a lot of blood." Upon Buying Frost Queen's Claim Link ▶️ "Be careful with that. True Ice is powerful stuff." Upon Buying Frozen Mallet Link ▶️ (laugh) "I crushed my share of skulls with that one!" Upon Buying Seeker's Armguard Link ▶️ "The Seeker was a respected leader of the tribe, but some say she betrayed us... " Upon Leaving the Store Link ▶️ "For freedom!" Link ▶️ "Chaaaaaaarge!" Link ▶️ "Leave no one standing." Link ▶️ "This! Is! Freljord!" Link ▶️ "Lead the charge!" Link ▶️ "Death to the Watchers!" Link ▶️ "Freedom is worth dying for!" Link ▶️ "Victory or death! Or in my case, both!" Link ▶️ "If you aren't winning, try a bigger sword. Usually works!" Link ▶️ "Cut off their heads! If that doesn't work, throw them into the abyss!" Link ▶️ "Once you've killed them, bring me back a ghost or two. I'll kill 'em again!" Link ▶️ "Let me know if you see any, uh... lady ghosts out there." Upon Leaving the Store Without Buying an Item Link ▶️ "A true warrior brings only his fists to battle." Link ▶️ "Oh, looking for a challenge I see... " Upon Repeatedly Leaving and Reentering the Store Link ▶️ "You're making me angry! You won't like me when I'm angry." Link ▶️ "Insolent whelp!" While Idling Near the Store [ ] Link ▶️ "I am Gregor, the eternal guardian of the Howling Abyss! Avarosa herself killed me; it was a great honor. She bound my spirit here, so I can sound the horn if the Watchers return." Link ▶️ "So you want to hear the story of this place? Of my glorious death? Stay a while, and listen! I might tell you that... and more." Link ▶️ "We were human once, then the Watchers came. They changed us, forged us into weapons, made us Iceborn." Link ▶️ "We served the Watchers willingly; the Seeker was their voice. She told us their desires, what to build, and who to kill." Link ▶️ "We took Freljord! We took Valoran ! Everywhere we went men trembled and the ice followed us. We forged a mighty empire, but it wasn't truly ours... so long as we served the Watchers." Link ▶️ "Avarosa united us. She showed us that freedom was worth dying for. So we turned on the Watchers. We knew we were stronger than they were; they had given us too much power." Link ▶️ "This is where the final stand took place, this bridge. They held out for days, so many Iceborn died, but we kept on fighting. We climbed over the bodies of our fallen to press the attack, but the Watchers still wouldn't die." Link ▶️ "In a mighty, final surge, we overran them! We lifted them from the ground! We tossed them, howling, into the abyss! That must've killed them, nothing could survive that fall... " Link ▶️ "We needed a guardian in case the Watchers came back. We needed someone who couldn't be killed, someone who could never leave. Hundreds volunteered, but Avarosa chose me... " Link ▶️ "If you hear me sound the horn , the Watchers have returned! If that happens you must come at once! Bring an army, bring ten armies! Throw those damned Watchers back into the Abyss!" Link ▶️ "An Iceborn never truly dies. Except... well, there are some exceptions... " Link ▶️ "I reckon the whole world must be ruled by the Iceborn now, right?" Link ▶️ "I should have asked Avarosa to kill my boar and bind her spirit here! I miss you, Boarhilda!" Link ▶️ "Sometimes I wish there were two eternal guardians of the Howling Abyss. Gets lonely here." Link ▶️ "I remember one time I was fighting this pack of trolls, and broke my sword on one of their skulls. So, I grabbed one by the ears and used him like a club to bludgeon his friends to death. That was a glorious day!" Link ▶️ "If you want these weapons, you'll have to earn them. Get into battle!" Link ▶️ "You lure them here, I'll kill them. That's the plan." Link ▶️ "If you see a little man with a flying pot, bash his head in for me!" Link ▶️ "That old man across the bridge is a damned fool! His flying pot seems nice though." Upon Entering the Store as... Anivia Link ▶️ "I welcome you, Cryophoenix." Link ▶️ "I remember your sacrifice." Link ▶️ "If the Watchers return, we will need you, Anivia." Ashe Link ▶️ "You carry an Iceborn weapon, Ashe. Use it wisely." Link ▶️ "Is that... Avarosa's bow?! Do you know what happened to her?" Link ▶️ "You look so much like my queen... " Brand Link ▶️ "Not sure this is your kind of store... " Gragas Link ▶️ "Got any Graggy Ice for me? C'mon, just a drop!" Link ▶️ "A man of Iceborn girth!" Link ▶️ "After you win the battle, let's talk brewing. It was a hobby of mine." Lissandra Link ▶️ "Seeker, you still live?" Link ▶️ "Who do you speak for - the Watchers or the Iceborn?" Link ▶️ "What happened to Avarosa?" Nami Link ▶️ "Sorry, I'm fresh out of moonstones." Nunu Link ▶️ "Have you considered riding a boar?" Link ▶️ "The yeti can be powerful allies if the Watchers return." Link ▶️ "I tried to ride a yeti once... it, uh, didn't work out too well." Olaf Link ▶️ "Find your destiny in battle, Olaf!" Link ▶️ "Battle brings out the ice in your blood, brother!" Link ▶️ "You will find truth... in death." Brolaf Link ▶️ "Bro!" Sejuani Link ▶️ "Lucky boar... " Link ▶️ "Iceborn blood is strong in you, Sejuani!" Link ▶️ "You look like Serylda! That woman knew how to fight!" Trundle Link ▶️ "Watch yourself, troll! I've killed my share of your kind." Link ▶️ "Uuggh! Smells like something died in here!" Link ▶️ "Even the trolls have kings now? Hah!" Tryndamere Link ▶️ "Rage unlocks the power in your blood, Tryndamere." Link ▶️ "Such anger... can you control it?" Link ▶️ "You understand the blood price." Udyr Link ▶️ "Welcome, honored shaman." Link ▶️ "You still follow the ancient ways." Link ▶️ "May your spirits guide you." Volibear Link ▶️ "The Ursine have always been our allies." Link ▶️ "Visions are only warnings, you can save Freljord!" Link ▶️ "If I sound the horn, will the Ursine answer the call?" A Yordle Link ▶️ "A Yordle? Gah!" Red Shopkeeper of Howling Abyss , Hermit Entering the Store Link ▶️ "Warm yourself!" Link ▶️ "Oh, come right in!" Link ▶️ "Treasures of the ages, on sale now!" Link ▶️ "Welcome to the dig site!" Link ▶️ "Finally, a customer!" Link ▶️ "I have all manner of marvelous things." Link ▶️ "Nothing but the finest." Link ▶️ "Good day!" Link ▶️ "What are you buying... what are you selling?" Link ▶️ "Welcome!" Link ▶️ "Hello!" Link ▶️ "Salutations!" Entering the Store with a Lot of Gold Link ▶️ "Oh, you've done very well for yourself. I'll bring out the good stuff." Link ▶️ "Such riches! Perhaps I'll finally be able to afford a better robot." While Browsing the Store Link ▶️ "I'm glad you're enjoying yourself, but, uh, there is a war going on out there." Link ▶️ "Take your time! There is so much to learn." Link ▶️ "I can tell you appreciate detail and craftsmanship." After Buying an Item Link ▶️ "Freljord's finest." Link ▶️ "Excellent." Link ▶️ "A fascinating specimen." Link ▶️ "Priceless! Now, hand over the gold!" Link ▶️ "It's dangerous to go alone... take this!" Link ▶️ "Very nice." Link ▶️ "Enjoy." Link ▶️ "A fine choice, indubitably." Link ▶️ "Wonderful." Link ▶️ "That one's top drawer!" Link ▶️ "It's a little frozen, but it's still good." Link ▶️ "They won't know what hit them... because they'll all be dead!" Link ▶️ "I'll dig more of those up!" Link ▶️ "Oh, yes, that one!" Link ▶️ "An artifact of ancient power." Link ▶️ "Thank you." Upon Leaving the Store Link ▶️ "That howling noise is just the wind... isn't it?" Link ▶️ "For Piltover !" Link ▶️ "Oh, I'm low on supplies... hope business picks up." Link ▶️ "Tell that ghost to stop interfering with my research." Link ▶️ "Have fun storming the bridge!" Link ▶️ "Excelsior!" Link ▶️ "Bring me back something dangerous... or shiny!" Link ▶️ "To battle!" Link ▶️ "If I die here frozen and alone... tell them I did it for science!" Link ▶️ "You kill them, I'll keep digging." Link ▶️ "Do they still talk about me back at the academy?" Link ▶️ "Win one for science!" Upon Leaving the Store Without Buying an Item Link ▶️ "The only weapon a true scientist needs is his wits!" Link ▶️ "No time to shop? But I just put on a fresh pot of tea!" Upon Repeatedly Leaving and Reentering the Store Link ▶️ "You're making my head spin!" Link ▶️ "Will you make up your mind?"' While Idling Near the Store Link ▶️ "The problem with Piltover is they are always looking forward. Sometimes, there is much to be learned from the past." Link ▶️ "I miss Piltover so much but... but these artifacts are fascinating. I just can't leave." Link ▶️ "So many people have died here, I should call this place Murder Bridge... no, no, the Howling Abyss is definitely cooler!" Link ▶️ "If I can only unlock the power of True Ice, I will transcend the limitations of techmaturgy!" Link ▶️ "These runes say, 'Beware the Frozen Watchers'. Hmm... does that mean anything to you?' Link ▶️ "Books, books, books, why haven't I dug up any books? Wait... of course! Barbarians can't read." Link ▶️ "I was once an honored professor at the Academy of Science and Progress in Piltover. I gave it all up to pursue true knowledge." Link ▶️ "My research will bring a golden age to Piltover!" Link ▶️ "Have you seen my robot? He probably fell in the abyss. Again... " Link ▶️ "I'm still putting the pieces together, but... something terrible happened here, long, long ago... " Link ▶️ "Did the Iceborn rule this place or was it the Watchers? These runes are so unclear." Link ▶️ "If a sword forged from True Ice is this powerful, just imagine what a True Ice Hextech device could do!" Link ▶️ "These runes say, 'The Seeker betrayed the tribe'. Hmm... who was this seeker?" Link ▶️ "Yes! Yes! I think I've got it...! Aw, I lost it... " Link ▶️ "Sometimes, I think I see things down in the abyss. But I might just need new glasses." Link ▶️ "I've been digging here for twenty years. Just getting down to the good stuff!" Link ▶️ "Look at the size of this gauntlet ! I thought it was a hat! Hm, the Iceborn must've had massive hands!" Link ▶️ "The magical power of True Ice seems unlimited! Oh, if only I could tap into it." Link ▶️ "Tea... hm, what should I have with my tea today? Biscuits? No, too many crumbs! Can't have crumbs, might contaminate the site. Hm, yes, hm hm... yeah, this ice is strange. Could it be - True Ice? Nah! A piece of the Frozen Watchers? Hmm, yes... perhaps... hmm. Oh, tea's cold!" Link ▶️ "It's a shame to sell these artifacts, but I need supplies badly." Link ▶️ "Don't you see what this means? The whole history of this place, perhaps even all of Runeterra could be... er... wait, what was I talking about again?" Link ▶️ "Robot stands for 'Rusty Old Broken Obsolete Trash'! See what I did there?" Link ▶️ "Need more artifacts! If only that blasted ghost wasn't around." Link ▶️ "Frozen mallet... even their tools were frozen." Link ▶️ "The strangest thing about True Ice is... it never melts! I put a piece in a furnace and it froze the darn thing solid!" Upon Entering the Store as... Ezreal Link ▶️ "Is it true what I've heard about you and Miss Crownguard ... hmm?" Link ▶️ "When I was your age, Ezreal, I was already a professor!" Link ▶️ "Study hard, and one day you could be just like me! Stuck in the cold... with a useless robot!" Link ▶️ "Why don't you get a real job Ezreal? Help me here at the dig site!" Ashe Link ▶️ "That bow of yours, a unique artifact... " Link ▶️ "You bear a striking resemblance to Avarosa." Link ▶️ "Welcome, Ashe! The next queen of the Freljord!" Sejuani Link ▶️ "Welcome, Sejuani! The next queen of the Freljord!" Link ▶️ "Does your boar like to eat robot?" Link ▶️ "You bear a striking resemblance to Serylda!" Lissandra Link ▶️ "Are you the sand witch I have heard so much about? Hmm... now I'm hungry." Link ▶️ "You want to be queen as well? Too many queens!" Link ▶️ "Can you turn off that ice? I'm cold enough as it is!" Blitzcrank Link ▶️ "Would you like a job, Blitzcrank? I have an opening for an assistant." Link ▶️ "Er... 'beep'... uh, 'boop'. Is that how you say it?" Caitlyn Link ▶️ "I knew your mother! Brilliant scientist." Link ▶️ "I swear, officer, I have a permit to dig here." Link ▶️ "Arrest that ghost for violation of... t-the Laws of Nature!" Heimerdinger Link ▶️ "Order, entropy... it's not a cycle at all!" Link ▶️ "Welcome, professor. Let's compare notes." Link ▶️ "Did the academy send you, Heimerdinger?" Jayce Link ▶️ "I made a Mercury Hammer once, Jayce! It was much nicer. Bigger, too!" Link ▶️ "Together, we could make a... a transforming robot!" Orianna Link ▶️ "You look just like her... " Link ▶️ "I knew your father, Orianna, nice fellow." Vi Link ▶️ "You look like your sister! Er, wait, I'm not supposed to talk about that... " Link ▶️ "Do you and Caitlyn get along or not? Seems ambiguous." Link ▶️ "Uh, Vi? Can you punch some sense into my robot?" Zilean Link ▶️ "In your past, did you know of the creatures who once lived here?" Link ▶️ "Is there an alternate timeline where this robot functions correctly?" Link ▶️ "Nice beard, Zilean! But mine is bigger!" List of Shopkeepers [ ] Summoner's Rift Other Game Modes Alpha Beta Update Evolved These are all the Shopkeepers used between Beta 1 and Beta 3 . Multi-Armed "Summoner's Rift" Shopkeeper 1/1 These are all the Shopkeepers used between Beta 3 and the first Summoner's Rift map update . Manbacon "Summoner's Rift" Shopkeeper 1 Manbacon "Summoner's Rift" Shopkeeper 2 1/2 These are all the Shopkeepers used between the first Summoner's Rift map update and its second update . Male Yordle "Summoner's Rift" Shopkeeper Male Yordle Yonkiee "Summoner's Rift" Shopkeeper 1/2 These are all the Shopkeepers used after the second Summoner's Rift map update . Female Yordle "Summoner's Rift" Shopkeeper (Order) Male Vastaya "Summoner's Rift" Shopkeeper (Chaos) 1/2 The following section covers shopkeepers seen in Butcher's Bridge , Howling Abyss , Invasion , Twisted Treeline , Odyssey: Extraction and Nexus Blitz . Both original Twisted Treeline and Murder Bridge used the Manbacon Shopkeeper from Beta 3 Summoner's Rift map until their respected map updates. The Temple of Lily and Lotus uses Little Legend skins as the shopkeep, and part of Summoner's Rift shop model as the background. Bubbs "Butcher's Bridge" Shopkeeper (Order) Finn "Butcher's Bridge" Shopkeeper (Chaos) Gregor "Howling Abyss" Shopkeeper (Order) Lyte "Howling Abyss" Shopkeeper (Chaos) Familiars "Invasion" Shopkeeper Featherknight "Temple of Lily and Lotus" Shopkeeper (Order) Melisma "Temple of Lily and Lotus" Shopkeeper (Chaos) Pumpkinhead "Twisted Treeline" Shopkeeper (Both sides) Ora Bot "Odyssey: Extraction" Shopkeeper 1/9 Trivia [ ] Lyte (a.k.a. Hermit) and his robot Geeves are respectively named after Jeffrey 'Lyte' Lin and Kevin 'Geeves' O'Brien . Jeffrey Lin was removed from the company due to disgraceful behaviour and references to their name were removed from the game. [1] On release, it was implied that the Hermit is Ezreal's uncle. The status of this implication is unknown. As such, the Hermit's name may be Lymere . Media [ ] Gallery 1st Summoner's Rift Shop 2nd Summoner's Rift Shop 1st Twisted Treeline Shop 1st Murder Bridge Shop Lyte Concept Lyte Model 1 (by Riot Artist Shawn Brack ) Lyte Model 2 (by Riot Artist Shawn Brack ) Gregor Model Summoner's Rift Update Shopkeeper Concept 1 Summoner's Rift Update Shopkeeper Concept 2 Summoner's Rift Update Shopkeeper Concept 3 Summoner's Rift Update Shopkeeper Concept 4 Summoner's Rift Update Shopkeeper Concept 5 (by Riot Artist Trent Kaniuga ) Summoner's Rift Update Shopkeeper Concept 6 Summoner's Rift Update Shopkeeper Concept 7 (by Riot Artist Trent Kaniuga ) Summoner's Rift Update Shopkeeper Concept 8 (by Riot Artist Trent Kaniuga ) Summoner's Rift Update Shopkeeper Concept 9 Summoner's Rift Update Shopkeeper Concept 10 Summoner's Rift Update Shopkeeper Concept 11 Summoner's Rift Update Shopkeeper Concept 12 Summoner's Rift Update Shopkeeper Concept 13 Summoner's Rift Update Shopkeeper Concept 14 Arcade Summoner's Rift 1/23 Map Features General Brush Inhibitor Lanes Nexus Nexus Obelisk Shop Spawn Terrain Turret Summoner's Rift Base gate Jungle plants Speed Shrine Howling Abyss Health Relic Twisted Treeline (Removed) Altar Ghost Relic Crystal Scar (Removed) Capture point Health Relic Greater Relic Speed Shrine ↑ Lyte reference removal