"You belong in a museum!" This article or section may contain obsolete information, but exists here for historical purposes. This item has been removed on patch V8.2 . Sightstone edit Stats +150 health Active Unique – Warding : Consumes a charge to place a Stealth Ward at the target location, which grants sight of the surrounding area. Charges refill upon visiting the shop (3 charges; 600 range). Limitations Only 3 Stealth Wards or Totem Wards may be active on the map at a time. Recipe + 400 Cost Sell ID 800 320 2049 Availability SR 5v5 Builds into Eye of the Equinox Eye of the Oasis Eye of the Watchers Ruby Sightstone Menu Defense>Health Tools>Consumable Keywords Support Ward Sightstone was an epic item in League of Legends . It was exclusive to Classic Summoner's Rift 5v5 . Recipe Sightstone 800 ( 400 ) Ruby Crystal 400 Builds Into Eye of the Equinox Eye of the Oasis Eye of the Watchers Ruby Sightstone Cost Analysis Gold Value 150 health = 400 Total Gold Value = 400 Gold efficiency Sightstone's base stats were 50% gold efficient. Sightstone gold efficiency increased by 9. 38 % for every Stealth Ward deployed, becoming gold efficient after deploying 6 wards and increasing indefinitely with each ward deployed afterwards. If you're only buying Sightstone for the wards, it pays for itself in 11 wards : 800 ÷ 75 = 10. 67 Similar items Tracker's Knife Warding Totem Notes This item was removed because it was a mandatory purchase on supports. This would limit their itemization, not only due to the gold spent, but also due to the need to dedicate a slot for this item. Despite being mandatory due to the wards, this item was actually inneficient in terms of stats, especially for non-tank supports. This item was replaced by a quest in the gold generation starting items for supports that, once completed, automatically transforms them into warding items, allowing supports to spend their gold into items that are otherwise more useful overall. By extension, Ruby Sightstone was also removed. This decreased the amount of active item cooldown reduction that is possible to obtain. 