Quinn using Heightened Senses . Note the Krug camp at the top left, normally not visible from her position. Sight is a property of all units and certain abilities , summoner spells , and items in League of Legends that represents a team possessing vision over an area. Inversely, the area of the map in which a team does not have sight over is known as the Fog of War , a common hallmark of the Real-Time Strategy genre. The Fog of War is represented visually as a dark shroud over the map. Possessing sight is necessary to observe most information about any non-allied units in the game. Such information includes the unit's current location and facing direction, stats and status bar, purchased items, and score. Thus the acquisition and denial of sight is one of the most crucial mechanics of the game. Contents 1 Sight ranges 2 Blocking sight 3 Forms of sight 3.1 Standard sight 3.2 True sight 3.3 Obscured vision 3.4 Unobstructed vision 4 Sources of sight 4.1 Standard sight 4.2 True Sight Sight ranges [ ] All units in the game will grant vision up to a specific radius : 1350: champions , pets , super minions , and turrets 1200: melee , caster , and siege minions 900: Totem Wards , Stealth Wards , Control Wards , Zombie Wards , and Effigies 500: Farsight Wards 450: Ghost Poros Disabled wards do not grant vision. All champion summoned units have a vision radius, unless otherwise stated. Items and abilities do not always grant sight and those that do often have differing applications of the mechanic to one another. Blocking sight [ ] There are two obstacles that block regular sight, impassable terrain (which is always opaque to vision granted by units, structures and most items and abilities) and brush (which is opaque towards vision when viewed from the outside inwards and not the reverse). Such barriers will also block vision of any areas that are directly behind them from the sight-granting unit. Units that can directly observe an area around these obstacles are commonly described as having line of sight towards that area. Sight can be removed in three ways: The withdrawal of any sight-granting units, abilities, or items from the vicinity (e.g. also by death ) The expiration of a sight-granting debuff or spell Directly though the nearsight debuff (which currently only exists with Graves' Smoke Screen , Nocturne's Paranoia , and Quinn's Blinding Assault ). Note that despite looking like such, Rek'Sai's Burrow does not nearsight her, since she conserves allied vision Forms of sight [ ] Standard sight [ ] A ward granting standard sight over the area. This is the most common form of vision that is able to reveal Fog of War and units altogether. By default, when an ally uses a unit-targeted spell, including basic attacks , on an enemy unit from inside Fog of War , a 300-unit radius of Fog of War is revealed for the enemy team centered on the attacker which grants vision for 2 seconds after the attack completes. True sight [ ] A unit revealing a stealthed trap . A pink eye symbol above a unit indicates they have true sight vision. This is a unique form of sight that is able to see units concealed in stealth , who are usually undetectable when under standard sight (such as wards and standard sight debuffs ). All sources of true sight currently in the game also provide standard sight - otherwise, true sight follows the same rules as standard sight. True sight cannot bypass sight blocked by nearsight . All turrets and some abilities and items and a few others possess a form of true sight , mostly by revealing debuffs. Obscured vision [ ] A silhouette of a unit observed behind a wall, indicating a form of obscured vision . This is a form of detection that does not innately reveal units nor make them targetable in any sort of way. Instead, the unit's position is merely distinguished by their movement and actions or silhouette, revealing their position in the process. The unit is still not visible however, thus being unable to selected for unit-targeted attacks. Obscured vision exists in many effects, the most common ones being in Rek'Sai's Burrow and Oracle Lens . It is unaffected by nearsight . Unobstructed vision [ ] A unit with unobstructed vision being able to see enemies behind walls. This is a type of sight that permeates through terrain. It allows the unit to be able to see beyond their sight radius if otherwise obstructed by terrain, although they won't be able to see into brush unless they had sight of the inside. Aurelion Sol's Astral Flight , Kayn's Shadow Step , Smolder's Flap, Flap, Flap , Talon's Assassin's Path , Zeri's Spark Surge and Zoe's Portal Jump are the only abilities that benefit from unobstructed vision . A unit with unobstructed vision becoming unable to see out of terrain while nearsighted . Nearsight prevents unobstructed vision entirely; units lose the ability to see behind walls for the duration and if they would be inside terrain, their sight is completely restricted until they move out to open space. Sources of sight [ ] Effects listed below have individual reveal ranges and durations. Standard sight [ ] The following grant standard sight of an area : Champion abilities Akshan's Avengerang Aphelios' Moonlight Vigil Ashe's Hawkshot and Enchanted Crystal Arrow Aurelion Sol's Singularity Azir's Emperor's Divide Bard's Caretaker's Shrine and Tempered Fate Brand's Blaze Briar's Certain Death Caitlyn's Yordle Snap Trap Cho'Gath's Rupture Corki's Phosphorus Bomb and Special Delivery Darius' Hemorrhage , Apprehend , and Noxian Guillotine Diana's Crescent Strike Draven's Whirling Death Ekko's Parallel Convergence Elise's Rappel Ezreal's Trueshot Barrage Fizz's Chum the Waters Galio's Hero's Entrance Gangplank's Powder Keg and Cannon Barrage Gragas' Barrel Roll and Explosive Cask Irelia's Vanguard's Edge Ivern's Brushmaker Jarvan IV's Cataclysm Jayce's Shock Blast and Acceleration Gate Jhin's Captive Audience and Curtain Call Jinx's Super Mega Death Rocket! Kai'Sa's Void Seeker Karthus' Lay Waste and Wall of Pain Katarina's Daggers Kindred's Wolf's Frenzy Kog'Maw's Living Artillery Leona's Solar Flare Lucian's Ardent Blaze Lux's Lucent Singularity and Final Spark Malzahar's Call of the Void Maokai's Nature's Grasp Miss Fortune's Make It Rain Mordekaiser's Death's Grasp Naafiri's The Call of the Pack Nami's Tidal Wave Nasus' Spirit Fire Nautilus' Depth Charge Olaf's Undertow Orianna's Ball Ornn's Call of the Forge God Pantheon's Grand Starfall Qiyana's Supreme Display of Talent Quinn's Heightened Senses Rek'Sai's Tunnel Renata Glasc's Hostile Takeover Rengar's Bola Strike and Thrill of the Hunt Ryze's Realm Warp Sejuani's Glacial Prison Senna's Dawning Shadow Sion's Roar of the Slayer Skarner's Crystal Spires Smolder's MMOOOMMMM! Sona's Hymn of Valor Soraka's Starcall Syndra's Force of Will Tahm Kench's Abyssal Dive Taliyah's Seismic Shove and Weaver's Wall Twitch's Venom Cask Udyr's Wingborne Storm Veigar's Dark Matter Vel'Koz's Void Rift and Tectonic Disruption Vex's Shadow Surge Viktor's Death Ray and Chaos Storm Volibear's Sky Splitter and Stormbringer Xerath's Eye of Destruction and Rite of the Arcane Yasuo's Wind Wall Yorick's Dark Procession Zeri's Ultrashock Laser Ziggs' Satchel Charge , Hexplosive Minefield , and Mega Inferno Bomb Zilean's Time Bomb Zoe's Spell Thief Zyra's Seeds and Rampant Growth Items Redemption Stealth Ward Summoner Spells Mark The following grant standard sight of a unit : Champion abilities Akshan's Avengerang Amumu's Bandage Toss Aphelios' Calibrum Aurelion Sol's Breath of Light and The Skies Descend Bard's Magical Journey and Tempered Fate Blitzcrank's Rocket Grab Briar's Blood Frenzy Camille's The Hextech Ultimatum Corki's Phosphorus Bomb Diana's Crescent Strike and Moonfall Elise's Cocoon Ezreal's Arcane Shift Galio's Justice Punch Gangplank's Powder Keg Hecarim's Onslaught of Shadows Illaoi's Test of Spirit Irelia's Flawless Duet and Vanguard's Edge Ivern's Rootcaller Jhin's Captive Audience and Curtain Call Jinx's Zap! Kalista's Sentinel Kha'Zix's Evolved Spike Racks Kog'Maw's Living Artillery K'Sante's All Out Lillia's Swirlseed Lux's Final Spark Maokai's Nature's Grasp Naafiri's Hounds' Pursuit and The Call of the Pack Nami's Aqua Prison Nautilus' Dredge Line Poppy's Keeper's Verdict Pyke's Bone Skewer Quinn's Harrier and Heightened Senses Rammus' Powerball Rek'Sai's Prey Seeker Senna's Dawning Shadow Sejuani's Glacial Prison Seraphine's Encore Swain's Vision of Empire and Nevermove Sylas' Abduct Syndra's Scatter the Weak Taliyah's Threaded Volley Teemo's Noxious Trap Tristana's Buster Shot Urgot's Fear Beyond Death Varus' Chain of Corruption Xin Zhao's Wind Becomes Lightning Yorick's Mourning Mist Yuumi's Prowling Projectile Zilean's Time Bomb Items Horizon Focus Summoner Spells Ignite True Sight [ ] The following grant true sight of an area : Items Control Ward * Oracle Lens * Other Scryer's Bloom The following grant true sight of a unit : Champion abilties Aatrox's Infernal Chains Akali's Shuriken Flip Akshan's Comeuppance Briar's Certain Death Caitlyn's Yordle Snap Trap and Ace in the Hole Fiddlesticks' A Harmless Scarecrow * and Bountiful Harvest Fizz's Chum the Waters Garen's Demacian Justice Hwei's Gaze of the Abyss and Spiraling Despair Illaoi's Test of Spirit Kai'Sa's Void Seeker Karma's Focused Resolve and Renewal Kayn's Umbral Trespass Kled's Bear Trap on a Rope and Jousting LeBlanc's Ethereal Chains Lee Sin's Sonic Wave and Tempest Lulu's Help, Pix! Malzahar's Nether Grasp Mordekaiser's Realm of Death Morgana's Soul Shackles Naafiri's Hounds' Pursuit Nidalee's Hunt Renata Glasc's Handshake Rengar's Bola Strike and Thrill of the Hunt Sett's The Show Stopper Skarner's Impale Sylas' Hijack Thresh's Death Sentence Twisted Fate's Destiny Urgot's Mercy Vex's Shadow Surge Vi's Cease and Desist Warwick's Infinite Duress Yasuo's Last Breath Zac's Stretching Strikes Zyra's Rampant Growth Summoner Spells Mark Gameplay Elements Targeting Types Auto ( Passive · Self ) · Direction · Location · Unit · Proximity · Vector ( Collision · Radius ) Unit types Champion · Minion · Monster · Pets · Structures ( Turret · Inhibitor · Nexus ) Effect types Ability effects · Attack effects ( On-hit ) · Area of effect · Damage over time · Heal · Multi-hit · Redirected damage · Shield · Single-targeted Ability types Attached · Aura · Blink · Buff · Channel · Combat status · Crowd control · Damage ( Ability · Basic · Magic · Physical · True · Nexus Obelisk · Execution ) · Dash · Debuff · Invulnerability · Pet · Projectile · Sight · Spell shield · Stealth · Tether · Untargetability · Ward