Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Singed View in 3D 260 / 17-Apr-2009 Surfer Singed View in 3D 975 / 06-Dec-2010 Augmented Singed View in 3D 975 / 09-Jul-2012 Black Scourge Singed View in 3D 750 / 04-May-2016 Beekeeper Singed View in 3D 1350 / 11-Oct-2017 Resistance Singed View in 3D 1350 / 12-Nov-2020 Astronaut Singed View in 3D 1350 / 24-Feb-2023 Astronaut Singed Chromas Amethyst Catseye Emerald Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Resistance Singed Chromas Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Turquoise Legacy Vault Hextech Singed View in 3D 520 / 15-Aug-2010 Mad Scientist Singed View in 3D 750 / 26-Sep-2011 Snow Day Singed View in 3D 975 / 19-Dec-2013 SSW Singed View in 3D 750 / 13-May-2015 Rare & Limited Riot Squad Singed View in 3D 975 / 25-Jun-2010 Screenshots [ ] Augmented Singed Snow Day Singed Classic Singed & Skins (Visual Update) SSW Singed Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Don't Chase Damage to champions with Poison Trail (Q) Fling Fiend Champions tossed with Fling (E) that land in Mega Adhesive (W) Zaun Track Team Distance travelled while under the effects of Insanity Potion (R) Friendship Champions Flung (E) towards your allies Gotta Go Fast! Multiple stacks of Slipstream (P) gained in champion combat Sticky Situation Takedowns within 10s on champions affected by Mega Adhesive (W) Trivia [ ] Original Singed The scene depicted has him leaving a Poison Trail . The bottle in his hand used to have a skull design on it before it was removed . Riot Squad Singed This skin shares the Riot theme with: Riot Blitzcrank Riot Graves Riot Kayle Riot Girl Tristana Riot K-9 Nasus Along with the other Riot skins , he was obtainable by either meeting a Rioter, attending an official Riot event or through purchase in the store during events in the year of release. [1] For him in particular, he was only obtainable in pre- 2011 events, such as Gamescom 2010 , PAX and E3 . The final opportunity to purchase him from the store was 2011's PAX Prime . [2] His role as a giveaway skin was replaced by Riot K-9 Nasus in 2011 and 2012 . His bulwark is replaced with a riot shield and his poison gas container is replaced with a giant tear gas canister, both of which are tools used for riot control . Hextech Singed This skin shares the Hextech theme with: Hextech Alistar Hextech Amumu Hextech Annie Hextech Jarvan IV Hextech Kassadin ...and others Hextech Malzahar Hextech Poppy Hextech Renekton Hextech Sejuani Hextech Ziggs Surfer Singed This skin shares the Pool Party theme with: Pool Party Draven Pool Party Fiora Pool Party Graves Pool Party Leona Pool Party Miss Fortune ...and others Pool Party Orianna Pool Party Renekton Pool Party Sett Pool Party Zoe Pool Party Mundo A mugshot of pre- rework Taric can be seen on his bottle, complete with surfer shades. The bottle is labeled " Taric's Tropical Tan". This skin is one of two champion skins which use a surfboard as a shield, the other being Pool Party Leona . Mad Scientist Singed This skin shares the Mad Scientists theme with: Mad Scientist Ziggs Sad Robot Amumu Time Machine Zilean He is based on the stereotypical mad scientist . The skin also bears a resemblance to the original incarnation of Dr. Mundo before the game was released. Augmented Singed This skin shares the Silver Age theme with: Bioforge Darius Chemtech Tryndamere Cryocore Brand Deadly Kennen Feral Warwick ...and others Phoenix Quinn Rocket Girl Tristana Super Kennen Super Teemo Toxic Dr. Mundo He is possibly referencing to Bane from the Batman franchise. The skin's release date is also very close to the premiere of then-new Batman movie, The Dark Knight Rises , in which Bane is the main villain. Snow Day Singed This skin shares the Snow Day theme with: Snow Day Bard Snow Day Gnar Snow Day Graves Snow Day Malzahar Snow Day Syndra Snow Day Ziggs He was released in celebration of Snowdown Showdown 2013 along with: Winter Wonder Lulu Snowstorm Sivir It replaces the container of chemicals with a snow cleaning machine and carries a sled in place of his shield. In the splash art are two yordles - one resembling Winter Wonder Lulu planted head-first in the snow  and another resembling Snow Day Ziggs sent flying from being shoved by Singed. SSW Singed This skin shares the World Champions: 2014 theme with: SSW Rengar SSW Talon SSW Thresh SSW Twitch He was released in celebration of Samsung Galaxy White winning the Season Four World Championship along with: SSW Rengar SSW Talon SSW Thresh SSW Twitch He represents Looper . His bottle is shaped like the Summoner's Cup . Black Scourge Singed This skin shares the Omen of the Dark theme with: Blade Queen Lissandra Cursed Revenant Nocturne Executioner Mundo Grey Warwick Iron Inquisitor Kayle Spectral Fiddlesticks Undertaker Yorick This skin is based on the typical plague doctor seen during the Black Death bubonic plague. This skin was released alongside: Iron Inquisitor Kayle Cursed Revenant Nocturne These skins came out around the time Dark Souls III was released, as their appearances are somewhat similar to the characters in the Dark Souls franchise. Beekeeper Singed This skin shares the Bees! theme with: Bee'Koz Bee'Maw Beemo Beezahar Beezcrank ...and others BZZZiggs King Beegar Nunu & Beelump Orbeeanna Yuubee Beekeeper Singed can be seen the background of Beemo's splash art, on top of the cliff. He took direct inspiration from the beekeeper , a person who keeps honey bees . He closely resembles one of the many custom made skins. An old video predating the official skin can be seen here . After sniffing a flower in his Recall , transforms into a bee. The bee itself closely resembles the bees from Bee Movie . Resistance Singed Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Battlecast theme with: Battlecast Nasus Battlecast Urgot Battlecast Xerath Battlecast Zac Battlecast Alpha Skarner ...and others Battlecast Prime Cho'Gath Resistance Caitlyn Resistance Illaoi Resistance Jayce Resistance Yorick Astronaut Singed Chromas: Amethyst,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the Astronauts theme with: Astronaut Bard Astronaut Corki Astronaut Fizz Astronaut Ivern Astronaut Kennen ...and others Astronaut Maokai Astronaut Poppy Astronaut Teemo Astronaut Xerath AstroNautilus References [ ] ↑ Guide to Legacy and Limited Skins ↑ Riot Singed