Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Sivir View in 3D 260 / 21-Feb-2009 Warrior Princess Sivir View in 3D 520 / 27-Apr-2010 Bandit Sivir View in 3D 750 / 21-Mar-2011 Warden Sivir View in 3D 750 / 17-Feb-2015 Pizza Delivery Sivir View in 3D 1350 / 29-Mar-2018 Blood Moon Sivir View in 3D 1350 / 10-Jan-2019 Odyssey Sivir View in 3D 1350 / 15-Oct-2020 Cafe Cuties Sivir View in 3D 1350 / 02-Dec-2021 Solar Eclipse Sivir View in 3D 1820 / 28-Apr-2022 Primal Ambush Sivir View in 3D 1350 / 24-Jan-2024 Blood Moon Sivir Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Cafe Cuties Sivir Chromas Catseye Emerald Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Odyssey Sivir Chromas Catseye Emerald Merc Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Pizza Delivery Sivir Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Obsidian Rose Quartz Primal Ambush Sivir Chromas Amethyst Citrine Emerald Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Solar Eclipse Sivir Chromas Catseye Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Legacy Vault Spectacular Sivir View in 3D 975 / 08-Jun-2010 Snowstorm Sivir View in 3D 975 / 19-Dec-2013 Mythmaker Sivir View in 3D 1350 / 12-Jan-2023 Mythmaker Sivir Chromas Citrine Emerald Gilded Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Snowstorm Sivir Chromas Golden Rare & Limited Huntress Sivir View in 3D Special / 07-Feb-2011 PAX Sivir View in 3D Special / 25-Aug-2011 Victorious Sivir View in 3D Special / 12-Nov-2015 Neo PAX Sivir View in 3D Special / 30-Aug-2017 Prestige Mythmaker Sivir View in 3D Special / 12-Jan-2023 Canceled SKT T1 Sivir 750 / N/A Screenshots [ ] Classic Sivir (Visual & Gameplay Update) Sivir Skins (Visual & Gameplay Update) Snowstorm Sivir Warden Sivir Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Always Chase Multiple (2+) champions hasted with On The Hunt (R) Sneaky Shield Abilities blocked with Spell Shield (E) What Goes Around Champions hit twice by a single Boomerang Blade (Q) Big Boomerangs Multiple champions hit with Boomerang Blade (Q) Collateral Damage Champions hit with Ricochet (W) bounces Tippy Toes Time spent hasted by Fleet of Foot (P) Trivia [ ] Original Sivir Her pose from her second splash art was reused for the first splash art of her Warrior Princess skin. Warrior Princess Sivir This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali She references Xena . Spectacular Sivir This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali She references Wonder Woman by DC Comics . Bandit Sivir This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali Her crossblade might be referencing Krull . Huntress Sivir's appearance on the Champions Bundle art. Huntress Sivir This skin shares the Prehistoric Hunters theme with: Beast Hunter Draven Beast Hunter Sejuani Beast Hunter Tryndamere Boneclaw Shyvana Prehistoric Anivia ...and others Prehistoric Cho'Gath Prehistoric Renekton Primal Udyr Sabretusk Sejuani Tribal Ryze She is a Bundled skin, specifically for the Champions Bundle . She has a unique apperance on the art for said bundle in the Riot Store . Her appearance was inspired by cultural elements of the Aboriginal Australians . Snowstorm Sivir Chromas: Golden This skin shares the Winter Wonder theme with: Frostfire Annie Frozen Prince Mundo Ice King Twitch Poro Rider Sejuani Snow Fawn Poppy ...and others Snow Man Yi Winter Wonder Karma Winter Wonder Lulu Winter Wonder Neeko Winter Wonder Orianna She was released in celebration of Snowdown Showdown 2013 along with: Winter Wonder Lulu Snow Day Singed She was inspired by the Arctic fox . She is based on the Dance Princess of the Ice Barrier from Yu-Gi-Oh! . PAX Sivir This skin shares the PAX theme with: Neo PAX Jax Neo PAX Sivir PAX Jax PAX Twisted Fate As a promotional or event limited skin, she was given away at gaming conventions and events and has not, is not and will never be available for purchase in the store. [1] She could only be unlocked by a code given out at Penny Arcade Expo (PAX) Prime 2011 . A Neo version of her was released. Additional details are listed below at her own skin trivia. She references Tron . Her crossblade references a D-pad . Other Limited Edition skins that were re-released in another form include: Error: Skin Championship for Riven is not specified in Module:SkinData/data. (through Error: Skin Championship 2016 for Riven is not specified in Module:SkinData/data. ) Urf the Manatee (through Urfwick ) Warden Sivir This skin shares the Warden theme with: Warden Gragas Warden Jax Warden Karma Warden Nautilus Warden Quinn She used to be called 'Inquisitor'. She might be referencing the Grey Wardens from Dragon Age , the Warden from Warcraft , and/or the Protectorate side of Summoner's Rift . Victorious Sivir This skin shares the Victorious theme with: Victorious Aatrox Victorious Blitzcrank Victorious Elise Victorious Graves Victorious Janna ...and others Victorious Jarvan IV Victorious Maokai Victorious Orianna Victorious Sejuani Victorious Tryndamere She was unlocked by players who achieved Gold+ rank in Season 5 (2015). Neo PAX Sivir This skin shares the PAX theme with: Neo PAX Jax PAX Jax PAX Sivir PAX Twisted Fate She was obtainable via using 10 Gems to craft her with Hextech Crafting from 8/31/17 to 1/8/18, as well as by a code given out at Penny Arcade Expo (PAX) West 2017 . She was also made obtainable via Hextech Chests . She is still a possible Hextech Chest unlock, though both she and the original PAX Sivir are considered Limited Edition skins. With her release, she along with a special loading screen border for the original PAX Sivir was automatically given to all owners of the original skin . [2] She is a recolor of PAX Sivir . Other re-released versions of Limited Edition skins include: Error: Skin Championship 2016 for Riven is not specified in Module:SkinData/data. (of Error: Skin Championship for Riven is not specified in Module:SkinData/data. ) Urfwick (of Urf the Manatee ) Pizza Delivery Sivir Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Obsidian,  Rose Quartz This skin shares the Culinary Masters theme with: Baker Pantheon Barbecue Leona Birdio Butcher Olaf Master Chef Tahm Kench Sashimi Akali Sinful Succulence Morgana Surprise Party Amumu , Annie , Birdio , and Pug'Maw can be seen in the background of her splash art. She was released in celebration of April Fools' Day 2018 along with: Birdio She is delivering pizza . Her pizza weapon has 3 types of toppings for each chroma variant. Her normal skin has simple pizza recipes like the Hawaiian pizza with the ever popular pineapple topping. Amethyst has creamy cheese with vegetables of spinach , mushrooms and brocoli . Aquamarine has fish ingredients like sardines or salmon . Catseye uses yellow cheese and meat like bacon and meatballs . Obsidian sports the dual toppings from all other variants. Rose Quartz has a tomato sauce base with a mix of meat and vegetables. Her initial concept was made as an art demo during the 2013 PAX Prime , right after her initial Visual Update was revealed. Blood Moon Sivir Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the Blood Moon theme with: Blood Moon Akali Blood Moon Diana Blood Moon Evelynn Blood Moon Jhin Blood Moon Katarina ...and others Blood Moon Pyke Blood Moon Shen Blood Moon Thresh Blood Moon Tryndamere Blood Moon Zilean The mask she is wearing references the ones used in Japanese Noh theater. Odyssey Sivir Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Merc,  Rainbow,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Odyssey theme with: Galaxy Slayer Zed Odyssey Aatrox Odyssey Jinx Odyssey Karma Odyssey Kayn ...and others Odyssey Kha'Zix Odyssey Sona Odyssey Twisted Fate Odyssey Yasuo Odyssey Ziggs Cafe Cuties Sivir Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Cafe Cuties theme with: Cafe Cuties Annie Cafe Cuties Bard Cafe Cuties Gwen Cafe Cuties Jinx Cafe Cuties Lulu Cafe Cuties Poppy Cafe Cuties Rumble Cafe Cuties Soraka Cafe Cuties Vladimir Solar Eclipse Sivir Chromas: Catseye,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Eclipse theme with: Lunar Eclipse Aatrox Lunar Eclipse Leona Lunar Eclipse Senna Prestige Lunar Eclipse Senna Solar Eclipse Leona Solar Eclipse Sejuani Sun-Eater Kayle Mythmaker Sivir Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Gilded,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Mythmaker theme with: Mythmaker Galio Mythmaker Garen Mythmaker Irelia Mythmaker Zyra Prestige Mythmaker Sivir Prestige Mythmaker Sivir This skin shares the Mythmaker theme with: Mythmaker Galio Mythmaker Garen Mythmaker Irelia Mythmaker Sivir Mythmaker Zyra References [ ] ↑ Guide to Legacy and Limited Skins ↑ Neo PAX Sivir and Epic Capsules