Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Sona View in 3D 790 / 21-Sep-2010 Pentakill Sona View in 3D 975 / 21-Sep-2010 Guqin Sona View in 3D 975 / 10-Jan-2012 Arcade Sona View in 3D 1350 / 31-Aug-2012 DJ Sona View in 3D 3250 / 25-Feb-2015 Odyssey Sona View in 3D 1350 / 12-Sep-2018 PsyOps Sona View in 3D 1820 / 03-Sep-2020 Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Sona View in 3D 1350 / 09-Sep-2021 Star Guardian Sona View in 3D 1350 / 14-Jul-2022 Immortal Journey Sona View in 3D 1350 / 16-Aug-2023 Arcade Sona Chromas K.O. DJ Sona forms Concussive Ethereal Guqin Sona Chromas Golden Meteorite Immortal Journey Sona Chromas Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Odyssey Sona Chromas Aquamarine Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Sona Chromas Aquamarine Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite PsyOps Sona Chromas Amethyst Citrine Emerald Hunter Obsidian Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Star Guardian Sona Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Brilliant Catseye Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Legacy Vault Muse Sona View in 3D 975 / 21-Sep-2010 Silent Night Sona View in 3D 520 / 14-Dec-2010 Sweetheart Sona View in 3D 975 / 11-Feb-2016 Rare & Limited Prestige Immortal Journey Sona View in 3D Special / 16-Aug-2023 Alternate Artwork [ ] DJ Sona (Concussive) DJ Sona (Ethereal) Screenshots [ ] Guqin Sona Arcade Sona DJ Sona Classic Sona (Visual VFX Update) Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Dance Parties Multiple (2+) champions hit with Crescendo (R) Drop the Bass Champions hit with Power Chord (P) Attacks Rejuvenating Rhythm Healing from Aria of Perseverance (W) A Soothing Song Champion damage prevented with Aria of Perseverance (W) shielding Perfect Tempo Damage to champions with Aura enhanced Attacks from Hymn of Valor (Q) Swiftly Duration of haste applied in champion combat with Song of Celerity (E) Trivia [ ] Original Sona She resembles and might have been heavily inspired by Hatsune Miku . Muse Sona This skin shares the Fables theme with: Dark Valkyrie Diana Djinn Malzahar Loch Ness Cho'Gath Musketeer Twisted Fate Mythic Cassiopeia ...and others Perseus Pantheon Royal Guard Fiora Sasquatch Nunu & Willump Siren Cassiopeia Valkyrie Leona She references the eponymous Greek mythical beings . Pentakill Sona This skin shares the Pentakill theme with: Pentakill Karthus Pentakill Kayle Pentakill Mordekaiser Pentakill Olaf Pentakill Yorick Silent Night Sona This skin shares the Snowdown Showdown theme with: Candy Cane Miss Fortune Festive Maokai Happy Elf Teemo Mistletoe LeBlanc Nutcracko ...and others Re-Gifted Amumu Santa Draven Santa Gragas Snow Bunny Nidalee Workshop Nunu & Willump She was released in celebration of Snowdown Showdown 2010 along with: Re-Gifted Amumu Santa Gragas Reindeer Kog'Maw Candy Cane Miss Fortune Ragdoll Poppy Nutcracko She references the eponymous Christmas carol and even its origins as a guitar tune. If she and Reindeer Kog'Maw are close to each other and both play their jokes four times after another with Sona going first, they will play and sing an excerpt from Deck the Halls . A video demonstrating this can be viewed here . Despite being priced at 520 , the skin received recolored VFX and auras which have a snowflake motif. Guqin Sona Chromas: Golden,  Meteorite This skin shares the Lunar Revel theme with: Jade Dragon Wukong Lunar Emperor Thresh Lunar Empress Lux Lunar Goddess Diana Lunar Guardian Kha'Zix ...and others Lunar Guardian Nasus Lunar Guardian Warwick Lunar Wraith Caitlyn Lunar Wraith Sylas Radiant Wukong She was released in celebration of Lunar Revel 2012 (Year of the Dragon ) along with: Dragon Fist Lee Sin Dragonblade Talon Jade Dragon Wukong She references the eponymous Chinese instrument . Arcade Sona Chromas: K.O. This skin shares the Arcade: Heroes theme with: Arcade Ahri Arcade Caitlyn Arcade Corki Arcade Ezreal Arcade Hecarim ...and others Arcade Kai'Sa Arcade Miss Fortune Arcade Riven Prestige Arcade Caitlyn Prestige Arcade Caitlyn (2022) She references many '80s and early '90s video game effects. Crescendo's visual references Dance Dance Revolution by displaying the sequence (↑→)(←)(↑→)(↑)(↑)(↑) Her basic attacks will change according to the song she played. If Sona activates Talisman of Ascension the visual effect displayed will be an old version of Classic Song of Celerity's . DJ Sona Chromas: Concussive,  Ethereal She is the first to be fully music-based, the second being Bard . She doesn't speak at all like in Classic. She exists in the same universe as Pentakill and K/DA [1] She has a combined over three hours of sound effects, music, and 'voiceover', making her the champion with the most sound files. They call all be heard here. She has three toggleable ( ' /toggle' or Ctrl + 5 by default, second row from the bottom in Options > Hotkeys > Communication > Toggle to rebind) forms (Kinetic, Concussive, Ethereal) Changing forms a 0. 5 seconds cast time and a 2 seconds global cooldown (this also triggers while in combat) Each one has a 'theme' that is played in layers as the game progresses. The layers played will be added to all songs depending on what basic ability is used for the first time and also which level of ultimate has been used for the first time, the latter also affecting the theme structure. Sona's teammates can opt in to listen her soundtrack from the scoreboard (icon to the left of her portrait) They cannot choose which 'theme' since that is dependent of the form Sona chooses. Using Crescendo for the first time as soon as an ultimate level is unlocked will upgrade the theme structure of all forms. Using the level 1 ultimate will permanently apply all basic layers, allowing the basic abilities to add new ones. Using the level 2 ultimate will allow the song reach its climax, becoming the regular version of the songs. Using the level 3 ultimate will trigger a more dynamic and intense version of the regular songs. If Crescendo is used for the first time while in Kinetic form, a fragment of the Metroid theme will play. Her helmet references Guy Manuel de Homem Christo from Daft Punk . Her joke might be referencing Flipping Tables / (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻ . Her cube from Concussive references the Button Beats Dubstep Cube. DJ is the first skin in which Sona's legs can be actually seen. Her dance references Caramelldansen. A side-by-side comparison can be seen here. Sweetheart Sona This skin shares the Heartbreakers theme with: Heartbreaker Vi Heartpiercer Fiora Heartseeker Jinx Heartseeker Orianna Heartseeker Quinn ...and others Heartseeker Varus Heartseeker Vayne Heartseeker Yuumi Sweetheart Annie Sweetheart Xayah She was released in celebration of Valentine's Day 2016 along with: Heartseeker Orianna The background in her splash art shares some visual similarities with the Palace of Versailles , located in Paris . Odyssey Sona Chromas: Aquamarine,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Odyssey theme with: Galaxy Slayer Zed Odyssey Aatrox Odyssey Jinx Odyssey Karma Odyssey Kayn ...and others Odyssey Kha'Zix Odyssey Sivir Odyssey Twisted Fate Odyssey Yasuo Odyssey Ziggs She was likely inspired by Ayesha from Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 and Princess Nuala from Hellboy II: The Golden Army . Her splash art slightly resembles Doctor Who 's eleventh season poster , starring Jodie Whittaker as The Doctor. PsyOps Sona Chromas: Amethyst,  Citrine,  Emerald,  Hunter,  Obsidian,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the PsyOps theme with: Prestige PsyOps Ezreal PsyOps Ezreal PsyOps Master Yi PsyOps Shen PsyOps Vi Classic Sona's voice over was updated along the release of the skin. This is the first Sona skin where she does not have arms prior to using Crescendo . The splash art depicts her being freed from her captor as shown in OPERATION: SONGBIRD . Upon learning Crescendo , she unbounds herself from the restraints. Her empowered form appears when Power Chord is available. Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Sona Chromas: Aquamarine,  Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Pentakill III: The Lost Chapter theme with: Dissonance of Pentakill Viego Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Karthus Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Kayle Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Mordekaiser Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Olaf Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Yorick Star Guardian Sona Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Brilliant,  Catseye,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Star Guardian Season 4 theme with: Prestige Star Guardian Ekko Redeemed Star Guardian Xayah Star Guardian Akali Star Guardian Ekko Star Guardian Kai'Sa ...and others Star Guardian Nilah Star Guardian Orianna Star Guardian Senna Star Guardian Taliyah Star Nemesis Fiddlesticks Immortal Journey Sona Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the Immortal Journey theme with: Eternal Sword Yi God Staff Jax Immortal Journey Kayle Immortal Journey Shyvana Immortal Journey Zed ...and others Immortal Journey Zeri Prestige Valiant Sword Riven Prestige Valiant Sword Riven (2022) Soaring Sword Fiora Valiant Sword Riven Prestige Immortal Journey Sona This skin shares the Immortal Journey theme with: Eternal Sword Yi God Staff Jax Immortal Journey Kayle Immortal Journey Shyvana Immortal Journey Zed ...and others Immortal Journey Zeri Prestige Valiant Sword Riven Prestige Valiant Sword Riven (2022) Soaring Sword Fiora Valiant Sword Riven References [ ] ↑ K/DA, Pentakill and DJ Sona