Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Soraka View in 3D 260 / 21-Feb-2009 Dryad Soraka View in 3D 520 / 03-Jun-2010 Divine Soraka View in 3D 975 / 02-Nov-2010 Celestine Soraka View in 3D 975 / 05-Mar-2013 Order of the Banana Soraka View in 3D 750 / 31-Mar-2015 Program Soraka View in 3D 1350 / 06-Apr-2016 Star Guardian Soraka View in 3D 1350 / 06-Sep-2017 Pajama Guardian Soraka View in 3D 1350 / 21-Nov-2018 Dawnbringer Soraka View in 3D 1820 / 12-Dec-2019 Nightbringer Soraka View in 3D 1820 / 12-Dec-2019 Cafe Cuties Soraka View in 3D 1350 / 02-Dec-2021 Spirit Blossom Soraka View in 3D 1350 / 06-Oct-2022 Immortal Journey Soraka View in 3D 1820 / 16-Aug-2023 Cafe Cuties Soraka Chromas Catseye Obsidian Pearl Peridot Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Immortal Journey Soraka Chromas Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Turquoise Spirit Blossom Soraka Chromas Citrine Night Blossom Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Legacy Vault Reaper Soraka View in 3D 1350 / 05-Nov-2014 Winter Wonder Soraka View in 3D 1350 / 06-Dec-2018 Winter Wonder Soraka Chromas Amethyst Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Rare & Limited Prestige Star Guardian Soraka View in 3D Special / 24-Nov-2020 Screenshots [ ] Classic Soraka (Visual Update) Celestine Soraka Reaper Soraka Order of the Banana Soraka Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Last Wishes Champions affected by Wish (R) while below 40% health Sols-stunned Champions rooted with Equinox (E) Starsniping Champions hit by Starfall (Q) Have Hope Starcall (QP) Rejuvenation healing granted with Astral Infusion (W) Long Nights Multiple champions affected by Equinox (E) Wish Upon A Star Takedowns by champions healed by Wish (R) at over 2000 units away Trivia [ ] Original Soraka Her jacket used to change color between pink or yellow depending which team she was on. A green recolor of her old Chinese artwork used to be the background image of the Utility branch of the now-retired summoner mastery trees in Season 2 , Season 3 , Season 4 and Season 5 (Season 5 retained Season 4's masteries). Recolors of Ashe's and Poppy's were used for the Offense and Defense branches respectively. Dryad Soraka This skin shares the Elderwood theme with: Elderwood Ahri Elderwood Azir Elderwood Bard Elderwood Hecarim Elderwood LeBlanc ...and others Elderwood Rek'Sai Elderwood Wukong Elderwood Xayah Old God Ivern Old God Warwick This skin is based on the dryad, a nymph of the trees (specifically oak trees) from Greek mythology. She may be referencing the Dryads from World of Warcraft . Divine Soraka This skin shares the Otherroads theme with: Acolyte Lee Sin Demonblade Tryndamere Foreseen Yasuo Noxus Poppy Prototype Viktor ...and others Redeemed Riven Rune Wars Renekton Runeguard Volibear Transcended Kayle Tyrant Swain This skin is intended to show her appearance before she sacrificed her immortality to live amongst the mortals of Runeterra. Celestine Soraka This skin shares the Rift Quest theme with: Bard Bard Braum Lionheart Demolisher Nunu & Willump Gragas Caskbreaker Lord Darius ...and others Rageborn Mundo Rugged Garen Ryze Whitebeard Sejuani Dawnchaser Twitch Shadowfoot This skin was reworked from an unreleased skin under the name "Battle Priestess Soraka." [1] Celestine Soraka is likely a reference to white mages from the Final Fantasy series. Reaper Soraka This skin shares the Death Sworn theme with: Darkrider Sejuani Death Sworn Katarina Death Sworn Viktor Death Sworn Zed Gravelord Azir Reaper Hecarim Shadow Evelynn Soul Reaver Draven Underworld Wukong While she was released in celebration of Harrowing 2014 , contrary to popular belief, she was not released during the event . Rather, she was released after the Harrowing. [2] [3] [4] The skins released for and during Harrowing 2014 were: Ravenborn LeBlanc Underworld Wukong The skin references Santa Muerte . She has the scythe that Death is usually depicted to be wielding rather than her usual staff. This skin may resemble Mistress Death from the Marvel Earth 616 universe. She also resembles Raven from the DC universe. Order of the Banana Soraka This skin shares the High Society theme with: Archduke Nasus Aristocrat Vayne Gentleman Cho'Gath Gentleman Gnar Marquis Vladimir Tango Evelynn Tango Twisted Fate This skin is a reference to the ever-popular community joke of Soraka attacking with bananas. It is also a reference to Carmen Miranda , more commonly known as the Chiquita Banana lady. She was released in celebration of April Fools' Day 2015 sharing a splash with: Surprise Party Amumu Urf the Nami-tee Archduke Nasus Definitely Not Udyr Program Soraka This skin shares the Program theme with: iBlitzcrank Program Camille Program LeBlanc Program Lissandra Program Nami She was released alongside: Program Lissandra In Brazilian localization, she (along with all Program skins) is called Soraka Cibernética (Cyber Soraka) due to Program's translated double meaning. Star Guardian Soraka This skin shares the Star Guardian Season 2 theme with: Pajama Guardian Ezreal Pajama Guardian Miss Fortune Pajama Guardian Soraka Prestige Star Guardian Soraka Star Guardian Ahri Star Guardian Ezreal Star Guardian Miss Fortune Star Guardian Syndra She references the magical girl genre of anime . Her hairstyle might be referencing Sailor Neptune from the Sailor Moon series. She resembles Green Heart from Cyberdimension Neptunia: 4 Goddesses Online as both share a somewhat similar outfit and have a pair of wings on their waist. Her familiar is Shisa . Shisa means " lion ", from Middle Chinese 獅子 *ʂji-t͡sɨ X < Late Han *si-t͡siəʔ [5] < Central Asian substrate noun *singʰa- . Although never seen alongside Soraka in-game, it will however appear during her homeguard and recall animations. It is grumpy and overprotective of Soraka, it will protect her from anything that could threaten her, including her own naiveté. Pajama Guardian Soraka This skin shares the Star Guardian Season 2 theme with: Pajama Guardian Ezreal Pajama Guardian Miss Fortune Prestige Star Guardian Soraka Star Guardian Ahri Star Guardian Ezreal Star Guardian Miss Fortune Star Guardian Soraka Star Guardian Syndra She is wearing pajamas designed after her medium, Shisa. She is eating biscuits similar to Total Biscuit of Everlasting Will . The party is playing Mechs vs. Minions . The bookshelf features: A group portrait of Star Guardian Ahri's team, notably her and Star Guardian Ezreal . The Sword and the Sabre , a book also seen within the Odyssey universe . Winter Wonder Soraka Chromas: Amethyst,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Winter Wonder theme with: Frostfire Annie Frozen Prince Mundo Ice King Twitch Poro Rider Sejuani Snow Fawn Poppy ...and others Snow Man Yi Snowstorm Sivir Winter Wonder Karma Winter Wonder Lulu Winter Wonder Orianna Snow Man Yi can be seen in her splash art. She was released in celebration of Snowdown Showdown 2018 along with: Frozen Prince Mundo Snow Man Yi Winter Wonder Neeko Winter Wonder Soraka Ice King Twitch She resembles the Zelda and Queen Sonia from The Legend of Zelda . Dawnbringer Soraka This skin shares the Nightbringer and Dawnbringer theme with: Dawnbringer Karma Dawnbringer Nidalee Dawnbringer Renekton Dawnbringer Vex Dawnbringer Yone ...and others Nightbringer Kayn Nightbringer Nasus Nightbringer Tryndamere Nightbringer Vladimir Prestige Nightbringer Kayn This skin represents Soraka if she were a Being of Order. This skin Soraka is Daughter of Nightbringer Yasuo and Dawnbringer Riven . A blade resembling Dawnbringer Riven 's can be seen after she casts Starcall She summons a giant banana in her joke animation, which is a reference to the community nickname for her banana-like basic attack projectile. This trait is shared by Nightbringer Soraka . She resembles the Draenei from World of Warcraft . Nightbringer Soraka This skin shares the Nightbringer and Dawnbringer theme with: Dawnbringer Karma Dawnbringer Nidalee Dawnbringer Renekton Dawnbringer Vex Dawnbringer Yone ...and others Nightbringer Kayn Nightbringer Nasus Nightbringer Tryndamere Nightbringer Vladimir Prestige Nightbringer Kayn This skin represents Soraka if she were a Being of Chaos. This skin Soraka is Daughter of Nightbringer Yasuo and Dawnbringer Riven . A blade resembling Nightbringer Yasuo 's can be seen after she casts Starcall She resembles the Man'ari from World of Warcraft . Prestige Star Guardian Soraka This skin shares the Star Guardian Season 2 theme with: Pajama Guardian Ezreal Pajama Guardian Miss Fortune Pajama Guardian Soraka Star Guardian Ahri Star Guardian Ezreal Star Guardian Miss Fortune Star Guardian Soraka Star Guardian Syndra This skin depicts a future where her squad drives off Star Guardian Zoe and saves Star Guardian Xayah from corruption for the price of losing Star Guardian Rakan as a result. Cafe Cuties Soraka Chromas: Catseye,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Peridot,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Cafe Cuties theme with: Cafe Cuties Annie Cafe Cuties Bard Cafe Cuties Gwen Cafe Cuties Jinx Cafe Cuties Lulu Cafe Cuties Poppy Cafe Cuties Rumble Cafe Cuties Sivir Cafe Cuties Vladimir This skin is part of the Cafe Cuties universe, but it is also part of the Star Guardian universe. Spirit Blossom Soraka Chromas: Citrine,  Night Blossom,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Spirit Blossom theme with: Prestige Spirit Blossom Teemo Spirit Blossom Ahri Spirit Blossom Darius Spirit Blossom Evelynn Spirit Blossom Kindred ...and others Spirit Blossom Sett Spirit Blossom Teemo Spirit Blossom Thresh Spirit Blossom Yone Spirit Blossom Yorick She represents the Spirit of Pity in the Spirit Blossom festival. Immortal Journey Soraka Chromas: Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Immortal Journey theme with: Eternal Sword Yi God Staff Jax Immortal Journey Kayle Immortal Journey Shyvana Immortal Journey Zed ...and others Immortal Journey Zeri Prestige Valiant Sword Riven Prestige Valiant Sword Riven (2022) Soaring Sword Fiora Valiant Sword Riven References [ ] ↑ Battle Priestess Soraka ↑ Tumble Before Reaper Soraka ↑ Hallowing 2014 ↑ The Haunted Hoard Hallowing Sale ↑ Schuessler, A. ABC Etymological Dictionary of Old Chinese , p. 461