Sorcerer's Shoes edit Stats +18 magic penetration +45 movement speed Limitations Limited to 1 Boots item. Recipe + 800 Cost Sell ID 1100 770 3020 Availability SR 5v5 HA ARAM Nexus Blitz Arena Menu Magic Penetration Movement Keywords boots sorcs Sorcerer's Shoes is a boots item in League of Legends . Recipe Sorcerer's Shoes 1100 ( 800 ) Boots 300 Cost Analysis Gold Value 45 movement speed = 540 18 magic penetration = 560 Total Gold Value = 1100 Gold efficiency Although not a basic item , Sorcerer's Shoes is the item from which the gold value for the stat magic penetration is derived (approximately 31. 11 per point of magic penetration). Similar items Berserker's Greaves Boots of Swiftness Ionian Boots of Lucidity Mercury's Treads Mobility Boots Plated Steelcaps Shadowflame Stormsurge Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit Magic penetration changed to 20. Movement speed changed to 55. Strategy Sorcerer's Shoes is a very good item for ability power -based champions , as it allows you to ignore 18 points of your enemy's magic resistance . In contrast, it is less effective for non-offensive mages such as supports or tanks , as their typically low magic damage abilities prevent the item from receiving its full value, compared to the higher damage results of a carry. One of the two defensive boots would likely be a better pick, as the added survivability will be of more value to these roles. Sorcerer's Shoes are less efficient against enemies with high magic resistance. However, they synergize well with other magic penetration items, percentage items such as Void Staff in particular. Most users of Sorcerer's Shoes can also benefit from the ability haste from Ionian Boots of Lucidity . Between both boots, the user has to make a choice between wanting more damage or less downtime on their abilities. Old icons 1st version 2nd version Background For nearly a century, the greatest mage in Valoran resided in the scorched desert of the Zear realm until the first crusade of the Rune Wars devastated the entire region forcing millions to flee. The crusaders killed all desperate travelers attempting the mass exodus from Zear, but one mage escaped their grasp by making such haste across the land that word spread throughout Valoran that the very shoes this mage wore must be imbued with immense power. Trivia Sorcerer's Shoes used to offer ability power and had an Amplifying Tome in their recipe. In the V1.0.0.52 patch, the ability power bonus was changed to flat magic penetration, and the Amplifying Tome was dropped from the recipe. 