For the Legends of Runeterra Vocab , see Vocabs (Legends of Runeterra)/Spawn The Spawn , also known as the Fountain , is the platform where champions spawn, respawn after dying , and teleport to after completing Recall . While at the spawn, players can purchase their items from the nearby shop , quickly restore any missing health or mana , and protect themselves from invading enemy threat through the Nexus Obelisk . Contents 1 Location 2 Effects 2.1 Homeguard 3 Player disconnection 4 Trivia 5 Media Location [ ] Each team has their own spawn located behind their Nexus on the edge or corner of every map. They are located in the bottom left (blue) and top right (red) on Summoner's Rift and the bottom (blue) and top (red) on Howling Abyss . Effects [ ] The spawns in Summoner's Rift grant healing equal to 2. 1 % of maximum health and restore mana equal to 3.1% of maximum mana , both every 0. 25 seconds, to allies inside on their side of the map. On the Howling Abyss , the spawns do not grant any effects while inside, and leaving the location a certain distance away disables the shop until the champion respawns. In the Ultra Rapid Fire game mode, the spawns grant massively increased healing. Homeguard [ ] Main article: Homeguard After 14:00 , the spawn also grants the Homeguard bonus to champions within it. Homeguard: Restores an additional 12% of missing health and 12% of missing mana every 0. 5 seconds while within the spawn and grants 75% − 150% (based on minutes) bonus movement speed that decays over 7 seconds, increased to 125% − 200% (based on minutes) with the Hand of Baron . Player disconnection [ ] Players that disconnect from the match will automatically path towards their spawn. Upon arrival, their champion becomes completely immune to damage. This is to prevent enemies from spawn-killing. Trivia [ ] Instead of immunity to damage, champions used to receive bonus armor and magic resist while their summoner was disconnected. Until the release of Draven , disconnected players only received bonus magic resist in the fountain. This was changed after Draven's release to also grant additional armor as his Whirling Death was the first global ability to deal physical damage. The term fountain originated from League of Legends ' predecessor Defense of the Ancients , in which heroes spawned from the fountain. Media [ ] Blue Team spawn on Summoner's Rift Red Team spawn on Summoner's Rift Blue Team spawn on Howling Abyss Purple Team spawn on Howling Abyss Map Features General Brush Inhibitor Lanes Nexus Nexus Obelisk Shop Spawn Terrain Turret Summoner's Rift Base gate Jungle plants Speed Shrine Howling Abyss Health Relic Twisted Treeline (Removed) Altar Ghost Relic Crystal Scar (Removed) Capture point Health Relic Greater Relic Speed Shrine