The spell indicator shows the range of a champion's abilities and/or its area of effect . It is usually indicated by a blue circle around the champion or a line missile display originating from the champion. Different types of abilities have different indicators. Indicators can be seen simply by hovering over the ability or activating the ability with quick cast disabled. The classifications for the indicators are general, and exceptions exist. Not all examples of each classification are included. Contents 1 Single target indicator 2 Area of effect indicators 2.1 Circular 2.2 Cone 2.3 Ring 2.4 Concentric 2.5 Horizontal line 2.6 Range-only 3 Line missile 3.1 Single line indicator 3.1.1 Large line missile 3.1.2 Line indicator 3.1.3 Line through self 3.2 Multiple Line Indicator 3.2.1 From the Champion 3.2.2 Converge At Cursor 3.3 Vector missile 4 Spell Range Indicator 4.1 Circle Range Indicator 4.2 Minimap Range Indicator 4.3 No-range Indicator 4.4 Conic Range Indicator 5 Unique indicators Single target indicator [ ] This is the simplest indicator. It shows a circular range originating from the champion and a target as a cursor. Location-targeted spells don't require a target to be selected for them to work. These spells are usually single target nukes or chain targeted spells. Examples: Ezreal's Arcane Shift Fiddlesticks' Terrify Exceptions: Fiddlesticks' Crowstorm , point-blank AoE after channel Twisted Fate's Wild Cards , three linear projectiles Area of effect indicators [ ] Circular [ ] Circular indicator This indicator shows the spell's area of effect size and the range in which the champion can cast it. Examples: Jarvan IV's Demacian Standard Nidalee's Bushwhack Trundle's Frozen Domain Cone [ ] Cone Indicator This indicator shows a cone with its vertex starting from the champion. Examples: Annie's Incinerate Corki's Gatling Gun Cassiopeia's Petrifying Gaze Ring [ ] Ring indicator This indicator combines single target and area of effect indicators. It shows a circular range around the target. Examples: Brand's Conflagration Karma's Defiance Nami's Ebb and Flow Tristana's Buster Shot Wukong's Nimbus Strike Concentric [ ] Concentric Indicator This indicator shows a circle inside a larger circle or a cone inside a cone. Anivia's Glacial Storm , the smaller circle is the initial size of the area spell, the larger is the end size. Leona's Solar Flare , the smaller circle is the stun's AoE, the larger is the slow's AoE. Trundle's Pillar of Ice , the smaller circle is the impassable terrain, the larger is the slow's AoE. Ziggs' Mega Inferno Bomb , the smaller circle is the primary explosion radius, the larger is the second explosion radius. Horizontal line [ ] Horizontal line indicator This indicator shows a horizontal line AoE always perpendicular to where the champion is. Examples: Anivia's Crystallize Karthus' Wall of Pain Malzahar's Call of the Void Range-only [ ] This indicator only show the range of the spell around the caster when hovering over the spell icon. This range indicator is used for point blank abilities and cursor quick cast abilities. Examples: Kai'Sa's Icathian Rain Swain's Demonic Ascension Heal Line missile [ ] Single line indicator [ ] Line missile indicator This indicator is used for skillshots originating from the champion outward in a vertical line missile display. The size and lengths differs for different abilities. This indicator can be turned off in the options menu, changing the indicator to look the same as a single target indicator. Examples: Amumu's Bandage Toss Ezreal's Mystic Shot Mordekaiser's Obliterate Nocturne's Duskbringer Large line missile [ ] Large line missile This is a larger version of line missile indicator. It is used for global spells. Ashe's Enchanted Crystal Arrow Ezreal's Trueshot Barrage Draven's Whirling Death Jinx's Super Mega Death Rocket! Line indicator [ ] Long Line missile This indicator is used for long-range, non-global spells that travel in a straight line.
Examples: Lux's Final Spark Nami's Tidal Wave Jhin's Deadly Flourish Ornn's Call of the Forge God However, this is not applied to every ability. The examples below use the standard line indicator: Kai'Sa's Void Seeker Line through self [ ] Line through self These spells do not necessarily start from the caster, but the spells' effects will occur along a line through the caster.
Examples: Mordekaiser's Death's Grasp Thresh's Flay Multiple Line Indicator [ ] The indicator is used for skillshots with multiple missiles. From the Champion [ ] Multiple Line missiles The missiles come from the champion. The indicator usually has a shape of a cone.
Examples: Ashe's Volley Twisted Fate's Wild Cards Swain's Death's Hand Converge At Cursor [ ] These missiles converge at the cursor.
Examples: Zed's Razor Shuriken Lulu's Glitterlance Heimerdinger's Hextech Micro-Rockets Sylas' Chain Lash Vector missile [ ] A vector missile does not originate from the base of the champion. The player must select two points: one within the ability's range, and another point, which can be outside the ability's range. Rumble's The Equalizer Viktor's Death Ray Taliyah's Seismic Shove Spell Range Indicator [ ] Circle Range Indicator [ ] Circle range indicator This is the basic spell range for non-directional champion abilities. The blue circle shows the maximum range that the spell can go.
Examples: Brand's Conflagration Jarvan IV's Demacian Standard The only directional spells that have circle range indicators are long range spells such as Lux's Final Spark ). Minimap Range Indicator [ ] Minimap range indicator Since V1.0.0.121 , long range spells have circular indicators on the minimap. Examples: Caitlyn's Ace in the Hole Gangplank's Cannon Barrage Kai'Sa's Killer Instinct Lux's Final Spark Nocturne's Paranoia Pantheon's Grand Starfall Quinn's Heightened Senses Twisted Fate's Gate Xerath's Rite of the Arcane Ziggs' Mega Inferno Bomb *The minimap does still show its range by turning slightly blue at the edge of the map. No-range Indicator [ ] This is the basic spell range for directional champion abilities, as well as global abilities. Usually, the spell indicator length is the range of the spell. Examples: Ezreal's Mystic Shot . However, some spells increase range as it is charged. Examples: Vi's Vault Breaker Conic Range Indicator [ ] This spell range is limited in a conic shape. Examples: Zac's Elastic Slingshot Jhin's Curtain Call Unique indicators [ ] These indicators are specific to a champion/skin, with the design being different for each skin. Some of these indicators do not affect gameplay but they do add a unique aesthetic flair to the selected skin. Sona Draven Warwick Rengar Marks Stacks Silent Night Sona Aura Text that shows up during the taunt animation while using Arcade Sona Text that shows up on death while using Arcade Sona Arcade Sona's Aria of Perseverance mark Arcade Sona's Song of Celerity mark Arcade Sona's Hymn of Valor mark Indicator underneath Arcade Sona's Crescendo Sweetheart Sona's Hymn of Valor Sweetheart Sona's Aria of Perseverance Sweetheart Sona's Song of Celerity Draven's Spinning Axe (also shared with Draven Draven) Gladiator Draven's Spinning Axe Soul Reaver Draven's Spinning Axe Primetime Draven's Spinning Axe Pool Party Draven's Spinning Axe Beast Hunter Draven's Spinning Axe Santa Draven's Spinning Axe Mecha Kingdoms Draven's Spinning Axe Ruined Draven's Spinning Axe Debonair Draven's Spinning Axe Fright Night Draven's Spinning Axe La Ilusión Draven's Spinning Axe Warwick's Blood Hunt Lunar Guardian Warwick's Blood Hunt PROJECT Warwick's Blood Hunt Old God Warwick's Blood Hunt Winterblessed Warwick's Blood Hunt Prestige Winterblessed Warwick's Blood Hunt Headhunter Rengar's Thrill of the Hunt Night Hunter Rengar's Thrill of the Hunt Mecha Rengar's Thrill of the Hunt Pretty Kitty Rengar's Thrill of the Hunt Guardian of the Sands Rengar's Thrill of the Hunt Sentinel Rengar's Thrill of the Hunt Street Demons Rengar's Thrill of the Hunt Aatrox's Mutilator Evelynn's Last Caress Kalista's Soul Mark Rek'Sai's Void Rush Talon's Noxian Diplomacy bleed Ziggs' Satchel Charge Kai'Sa's Plasma Sejuani's Frost