Note: Not to be confused with magic shield . For the Legends of Runeterra mechanic, see SpellShield . Contents 1 General 2 Single ability 2.1 Champion abilities 2.2 Items 3 Notes 4 Patch History General [ ] Sivir protecting herself with Spell Shield . The health bar usually has this purple frame to indicate the Spell Shield status. A spell shield refers to one of several effects that have the capacity to negate hostile abilities from applying to the recipient. A spell shield negates effects coming from champion abilities , epic monsters , champion summoned units , items , but not runes or summoner spells , except for Arcane Comet , Unleashed Smite , and Primal Smite . Persistent effects from AoE DoT and passive DoT effects will not be blocked unless otherwise stated . The shielding can vary per case with other included mechanisms such as on-hit effects and subsequent targeting (e.g. Bouncing , Tethers ). Abilities applying multiple instances of damage will have a single instance of their damage prevented. (e.g. Boomerang Blade , Blooming Burst , Unleashed Power ) Some abilities that have already applied onto the target do not get blocked. (e.g. Death Mark , Sleepy Trouble Bubble , Umbral Trespass ) Abilities that apply additional affects in an area around the target after a duration will be blocked even if the intial portion of the effect has already been applied. (e.g. Chum the Waters , Ablaze Explosion , Time Bomb , Last Embrace , Explosive Charge ) Most abilities that create a tether between the caster and the target will not have their additional effects blocked once applied, but the inital application can be blocked. (e.g. Ethereal Chains , Focused Resolve , Unspeakable Horror , Soul Shackles ) Most abilities that trigger additional effects when hitting an enemy will still trigger any effects that do not affect the target; this includes granting buffs , triggering cooldown reductions , refunding mana costs , granting stacks , and triggering dashes . (e.g. Mystic Shot , Wall Dive , Steel Tempest , Bandage Toss , Bone Skewer ) Some abilities which grant an empowered basic attack will also trigger spell shields , and depending on a case by case basis the attack's damage may be blocked entirely, partially, or not at all. (e.g. Chomp , Power Fist , Ruthless Predator ) Single ability [ ] The following will block a single enemy ability or spell: Champion abilities [ ] Sivir's Spell Shield Nocturne's Shroud of Darkness Items [ ] Banshee's Veil Edge of Night Verdant Barrier Notes [ ] The following items will be blocked by spell shield : Redemption Stridebreaker ( Dreamshatter ) Arcane Comet is the only rune that is blocked by spell shield , consuming it. Glacial Augment also consumes spell shield , but this does not mitigate its effects. (bug) Spell shields granted by abilities take priority over spell shields granted by items. Multiple active spell shields over a single unit will break simultaneously if the triggering hostile ability does not apply a crowd control effect. Spell shield takes priority over damage shields , crowd control immunity , displacement immunity , and slow immunity . Terrain displacing abilities (e.g. Crystallize , Pillar of Ice , Weaver's Wall ) cannot be blocked. Dragons' attacks can be blocked, but their knock back cannot. Rift Herald's abilities can be blocked, but not her basic attacks. Baron Nashor's abilities can be blocked, but not his passives and basic attacks . Patch History [ ] Unknown patch Spell shield no longer blocks multiple hostile abilities if they struck at the same time the shield breaks. However, all hits will still be blocked if they come from the same ability (i.e multiple Azir's Soldier hits ; Illaoi's Tentacle slams ). Alpha Week 2 Added with the release of Sivir . Gameplay Elements Targeting Types Auto ( Passive · Self ) · Direction · Location · Unit · Proximity · Vector ( Collision · Radius ) Unit types Champion · Minion · Monster · Pets · Structures ( Turret · Inhibitor · Nexus ) Effect types Ability effects · Attack effects ( On-hit ) · Area of effect · Damage over time · Heal · Multi-hit · Redirected damage · Shield · Single-targeted Ability types Attached · Aura · Blink · Buff · Channel · Combat status · Crowd control · Damage ( Ability · Basic · Magic · Physical · True · Nexus Obelisk · Execution ) · Dash · Debuff · Invulnerability · Pet · Projectile · Sight · Spell shield · Stealth · Tether · Untargetability · Ward