For the removed Twisted Treeline variant, see Timeworn Spellthief's Edge . "You belong in a museum!" This article or section may contain obsolete information, but exists here for historical purposes. This item has been removed on patch V14.1 . Spellthief's Edge edit Stats +10 ability power +25 health +25% base mana regeneration + 2 per 10 seconds Passive Unique – Tribute : Grants a charge every 12 seconds, up to 3 charges. If an allied champion is nearby , damaging basic attacks and abilities against champions and structures consume a charge, up to one per attack or cast. Consuming a charge grants 20 . Receive diminishing gold from excessive minion kills. Unique – Quest : Earn 500 using this item to upgrade to Frostfang , gaining the Warding active with 3 wards in stock. Limitations Limited to 1 Support / Jungle item. Recipe Cost Sell ID 400 160 3850 Availability SR 5v5 Menu Mage Supporter Ability Power Mana & Regeneration Health & Regeneration Keywords Support Economy Gold Spellthief's Edge was a starter item in League of Legends . It was exclusive to Classic Summoner's Rift 5v5 . Cost Analysis Gold efficiency Spellthief's Edge's base stats were <span class="basic-tooltip" style="border-bottom:1px dotted gray;cursor:help;" title=" Expression error: Unexpected < operator. "> Expression error: Missing operand for /. % gold efficient. Spellthief's Edge becomes gold efficient in 6 minutes and 7 seconds without triggering Tribute , or after 5 charge consumptions of the effect. Consuming 3 charges within every 30 seconds causes Tribute to grant 20 per 10 seconds. Along with the 2 per 10 seconds stat, this increases to 22 per 10 seconds. Similar items Relic Shield Spectral Sickle Steel Shoulderguards Notes Tribute can trigger even if the allied champion nearby is dead. Quest's reward is only granted if the user has not been in combat within the last 5 seconds. "Receive diminishing gold from excessive minion kills" : Before 5 minutes, increasing your creep score by 10 or more (from killing minions) in the last 5 minutes reduces gold from minion kills by 80%. After 5 minutes, the limit is increased to 20 creep score and gold from minion kills is instead reduced by 50% − 80% (based on creep score) . Map-Specific Differences Nexus Blitz differences edit This item and its associated upgrades are disabled. Strategy Because killing minions is discouraged, Spellthief's Edge is best purchased on supports who are able to harass effectively in-lane . Old icons 1st version 2nd version 3rd version Trivia From V9.23 – V10.22 , the amount of gold gained with the item was indicated in-game by the Gold Quest tooltip. Relic Shield , Spellthief's Edge , and Ancient Coin are a set of items available since Season Four that were designed for Support . They were themed after locations from Runeterra that all incidentally involve a form of physical transcendence. This collection was changed in Season Ten , which includes Spellthief's Edge , Relic Shield , Spectral Sickle , and Steel Shoulderguards . Sound Effects Quest Complete Link ▶️ Passive SFX 