Stealth is the mechanic that renders a unit invisible for a determined period of time. Stealth is divided into three categories: Camouflage (or Strategic stealth ), Invisibility (or Tactical stealth ) and Stealthed traps . A camouflaged unit and their detection radius An invisible unit Contents 1 Notes 2 Camouflage 3 Invisibility 4 Stealthed traps and wards 5 Stealth detection 5.1 Champion Abilities 5.2 Summoner Spells 5.3 Items 5.4 Jungle Plants 6 Breaking stealth 6.1 Summoner Spells 6.2 Items 7 Presence detection without reveal 7.1 Skill shots Notes [ ] This icon indicates that the unit is being revealed, although it does not necessarily mean the unit will be revealed through stealth, as both sources of true sight reveal and standard sight reveal use the same icon. Units that are stealthed will have their silhouette shimmer with a visual and Link ▶️ audio indicator, if they are damaged while they are stealthed. Crowd control effects do not break stealth with the exception of taunt , which forces the unit to attack. Uniquely, the stealth from Teemo's Guerrilla Warfare is broken if he is knocked airborne . Stealth grants ghosting inherently when not being revealed. Senna's Curse of the Black Mist will still grant the Wraith Form buff to allies that have stealth of their own. They can still be seen as a Wraith even with their own stealth active. A unit with multiple sources of camouflage is revealed based on the radius of the smallest detection radius. A unit with camouflage and invisibility will have their camouflage reveal radius be removed for the duration of the invisibility. Camouflaged units will also be revealed while inside the line of sight of nearby enemy clones . Voltaic Cyclosword and Sudden Impact interact with stealth. Camouflage [ ] Edit Camouflage is a form of stealth that renders a unit hidden from enemy vision for a long period of time. It is usually activated preemptively in order to ambush an enemy or to bypass the surveillance of hostile wards patrolling an area. It also grants ghosting . Camouflaged units are revealed while being inside the line of sight (e.g. not in the fog of war, behind terrain, or blocked by nearsight ) of a nearby enemy champion (with the range depending on the ability), when within the vision radius of an enemy Control Ward (900 units), or from sources of True Sight . Stealthed units shimmer their character model for 0. 6 seconds whenever they take damage. A unit will shimmer for every instance of damage they take, and shimmering does not make the unit targetable nor remove the stealth effect, but grants positional information to the enemy. When a camouflaged unit can be seen, they will be warned by an exclamation mark above them indicating they have been spotted. Camouflage provides indicators that distinguish the state of the stealth effect. (Only visible to the stealthed unit and their allies and enemy champions do not need to be visible for them to appear) An enemy champion is within 300 units outside stealth radius. An enemy champion is within stealth radius. The user is being revealed. Champion abilities Akshan's Going Rogue (800 unit detection radius) Evelynn's Demon Shade (700 unit detection radius) Pyke's Ghostwater Dive (600 unit detection radius) Rengar's Thrill of the Hunt (710 unit detection radius) Senna's Curse of the Black Mist (400 unit detection radius) Twitch's Ambush (500 unit detection radius) Viego's Harrowed Path (450 unit detection radius) Invisibility [ ] Edit Invisibility is a form of stealth that renders a unit hidden from enemy vision for a short period of time. It can be utilized to sneak in on opponents as well as the ability to reposition in-combat or simply to flee from a skirmish. It also grants ghosting . Invisible units can only be revealed by True Sight . Stealthed units shimmer their character model for 0. 6 seconds whenever they take damage. A unit will shimmer for every instance of damage they take, and shimmering does not make the unit targetable nor remove the stealth effect, but grants positional information to the enemy. Champion abilities Akali's Twilight Shroud Kai'Sa's Evolved Supercharge Kha'Zix's Void Assault and Evolved Void Assault LeBlanc's Mirror Image Neeko's Shapesplitter Qiyana's Elemental Wrath ( Brush ) Shaco's Deceive Talon's Shadow Assault Teemo's Guerrilla Warfare Vayne's Final Hour Wukong's Warrior Trickster Stealthed traps and wards [ ] Edit Stealthed traps are units that are hidden from enemy vision for a set duration until triggered by an enemy. They can only be revealed by True Sight , Control Wards , Oracle Lens , and A Harmless Scarecrow . Champion abilities Shaco's Jack in the Box Jhin's Captive Audience Nidalee's Bushwhack Teemo's Noxious Trap Items Stealth Wards or Totem Wards from: Warding Totem Bloodsong Bounty of Worlds Celestial Opposition Dream Maker Runic Compass Solstice Sleigh Zaz'Zak's Realmspike Stealth detection [ ] There are various ways for a champion to gain the ability to see stealth. True sight is a form of vision that directly reveals stealth. All turrets have true sight reveal as well as some champion abilities . Obscured vision will reveal stealthed units through a partially translucent outline, but does not render them targetable. When a revealed stealthed unit leaves the revealed area that unit does not experience a fade time; the unit immediately turns stealthed again. The following is a list of possible ways to detect stealthed champions: Champion Abilities [ ] Aatrox's Infernal Chains Akali's Shuriken Flip Akshan's Comeuppance Briar's Certain Death Caitlyn's Yordle Snap Trap and Ace in the Hole Fiddlesticks' Bountiful Harvest Fizz's Chum the Waters Garen's Demacian Justice Hwei's Gaze of the Abyss and Spiraling Despair Illaoi's Test of Spirit Kai'Sa's Void Seeker Karma's Focused Resolve and Renewal Kayn's Umbral Trespass Kled's Bear Trap on a Rope and Jousting LeBlanc's Ethereal Chains and Mimic Ethereal Chains Lee Sin's Sonic Wave and Tempest Lulu's Help, Pix! Malzahar's Nether Grasp Mordekaiser's Realm of Death Morgana's Soul Shackles Naafiri's Hounds' Pursuit Nidalee's Hunt Renata Glasc's Handshake Rengar's Bola Strike and Thrill of the Hunt Sett's The Show Stopper Skarner's Impale Sylas' Hijack Thresh's Death Sentence Twisted Fate's Destiny Urgot's Mercy Vex's Shadow Surge Vi's Cease and Desist Warwick's Infinite Duress Yasuo's Last Breath Zac's Stretching Strikes Zyra's Rampant Growth Summoner Spells [ ] Mark Items [ ] The following items only reveal traps and wards: Control Ward Oracle Lens Jungle Plants [ ] Scryer's Bloom Breaking stealth [ ] Stealth is lost immediately when completing the attack windup of a basic attack or casting an ability , unless otherwise stated . Using consumables or trinkets do not break stealth. Casting summoner spells and item actives vary. Starting a Recall channel will always break stealth. Summoner Spells [ ] The following summoner spells will break stealth upon activation: Exhaust Hexflash Ignite Mark / Dash Smite The following summoner spells will not break stealth upon activation: Barrier Clarity Cleanse Flash The visual effects are not hidden. Ghost Heal Teleport Items [ ] The following item actives will break stealth upon activation: Black Spear Hextech Rocketbelt ( Upgraded Aeropack ) Profane Hydra Randuin's Omen Ravenous Hydra Redemption Stridebreaker Tiamat Titanic Hydra The following item actives will not break stealth upon activation: Anathema's Chains Bloodsong Boots empowered by Predator Bounty of Worlds Celestial Opposition Dream Maker Knight's Vow Locket of the Iron Solari ( Reliquary of the Golden Dawn ) Mercurial Scimitar Mikael's Blessing Quicksilver Sash Runic Compass Seeker's Armguard Shurelya's Battlesong ( Shurelya's Requiem ) Solstice Sleigh Youmuu's Ghostblade Zaz'Zak's Realmspike Zhonya's Hourglass Consumables Control Ward Corrupting Potion Elixir of Iron Elixir of Sorcery Elixir of Wrath Health Potion Refillable Potion Total Biscuit of Everlasting Will Trinkets Farsight Alteration Eye of the Herald Oracle Lens Warding Totem Scarecrow Effigy Presence detection without reveal [ ] Unit-targeted effects cannot be cast on stealthed enemies, as they require sight of targets. Auto-targeted effects that do not require sight will indicate whether or not they can be cast, lighting up in the HUD and becoming available to use even if the target in range is not visible. The following abilities are examples of informing the presence of a hidden unit: Camille's Hookshot can detect stealthed champions with the range indicator. Fiddlesticks' Bountiful Harvest can detect stealthed champions due to its required auto-targeting. Hecarim's Spirit of Dread can indicate the position of stealthed champions due to the particle that it generates. Katarina's Death Lotus can detect stealthed champions due to its required auto-targeting. Kennen's Electrical Surge can detect stealthed champions due to the particle effect pointing in their direction. Morgana's Soul Shackles can detect stealthed champions due to its required auto-targeting. Neeko's Blooming Burst will repeat if it hits an enemy champion. Nocturne's Duskbringer trail will compromise the position of stealthed enemies. Rek'Sai's Tremor Senses will perceive the position of any moving unit regardless of stealth. Soraka's Starcall Rejuvenation indicates if it hits a champion. Swain's Vision of Empire bringing Soul Fragments indicates if it hits a champion. Talon's Blade's End trail will compromise the position of stealthed enemies. Teemo's Noxious Trap will explode but not reveal stealthed champions. Tryndamere's Mocking Shout can detect stealthed champions due to its required auto-targeting. Viktor's Chaos Storm will focus a stealthed enemy. The stealthed champion will not be revealed. Vladimir's Tides of Blood can detect stealthed champions due to the particle effect flying in their direction. Warwick's Blood Hunt trail will compromise the position of stealthed enemies. Skill shots [ ] Direction-targeted abilities, also known as skillshots , will still hit enemies that are not visible, but does not grant sight of them unless the ability in question did. Note that the visible projectile will stop short of its trajectory, meaning visual and audio effects (e.g. Infected Bonesaw will make a splatter and show a small eruption of blood upon impact) indicating if a non-visible unit is hit, providing knowledge of their whereabouts. Examples of this are Light Binding and Grasping Roots , which visibly entrap units hit even if they cannot be seen. Gameplay Elements Targeting Types Auto ( Passive · Self ) · Direction · Location · Unit · Proximity · Vector ( Collision · Radius ) Unit types Champion · Minion · Monster · Pets · Structures ( Turret · Inhibitor · Nexus ) Effect types Ability effects · Attack effects ( On-hit ) · Area of effect · Damage over time · Heal · Multi-hit · Redirected damage · Shield · Single-targeted Ability types Attached · Aura · Blink · Buff · Channel · Combat status · Crowd control · Damage ( Ability · Basic · Magic · Physical · True · Nexus Obelisk · Execution ) · Dash · Debuff · Invulnerability · Pet · Projectile · Sight · Spell shield · Stealth · Tether · Untargetability · Ward