For information about the Gameplay Map , see Summoner's Rift (League of Legends) & Summoner's Rift (Wild Rift) . Summoner's Rift Titles Alias (es) Ancient Field of Justice Sociocultural characteristics Nation (s) Freljord Legislature (s) Institute of War Marauders Wardens Physical characteristics General environment (s) Mountainous Continent (s) Valoran Universe (s) Runeterra Legacy Institute of War Summoner's Rift is a magical battlefield. In Runeterra Legacy , it was the most venerated Field of Justice used by the Institute of War and the League of Legends. In Institute of War it is an area with remnants of a battle between two competing Empires. Summoner's Rift is also used as the main gameplay map for League of Legends and Wild Rift . Contents 1 History 1.1 Runeterra Legacy 1.2 Institute of War 2 Wildlife 3 Media 4 See Also 5 References History [ ] Runeterra Legacy [ ] "Are we done in this reality yet? Hello? Hellooo?" This story is considered part of the old lore and is no longer part of the main canon , but exists here for historical purposes. Summoner's Rift does not exist in the main universe anymore. [1] A Field of Justice Main article: Runeterra Legacy As a direct response to the world's growing physical and political instability, Valoran 's key magicians – including many powerful summoners – came to the conclusion that conflicts needed to be resolved in a controllable and systemic way. They formed an organization called the League of Legends , whose purpose was to oversee the orderly resolution of political conflict in Valoran. Housed in the Institute of War, the League would be given the authority by Valoran's political entities to govern the outcomes of the organized conflict they would administer. The League resolved that all major political conflict would be settled through the use of specially prepared arenas strategically located throughout Valoran. Summoners representing a particular political allegiance would each call forth a champion ; the champions, leading mindless minions generated by novice summoners manipulating a Nexus , would fight to achieve the objective of the arena they were in. The most common victory condition of a battle arena would be to destroy the opposing faction's Nexus . These arenas are collectively referred to as "The Fields of Justice". The fights in the various Fields of Justice over which the League presides are not only of great political interest to Valoran, but also of great social interest. The League magically transmits the sights and sounds of the action as it unfolds to specially built arcane receivers located in key settlements throughout Valoran. Watching a fight in a Field of Justice is one of the more popular entertainment activities Valoran's denizens engage in. Summoner's Rift Summoner Platform “ Link ▶️ "Hmm... Noxian granite. Respectable choice." — Ornn Summoner's Rift is located in a remote forest between Freljord , and the Ironspike Mountains . The Summoner's Rift is one of a few locations in Valoran where magical energy is at its greatest concentration, making it a highly sought-after locale to pursue magical endeavors. The structure is made of Noxian Granite. Institute of War [ ] "Frontier's whatever you want it to be." This story takes place in the Institute of War universe. Summoner's Rift Landscape Main article: Institute of War The Rune War began with the failure of a legal body founded to curtail political power—when this institute faltered, the fate of all was sealed. Historically, the forest where the Rift resides was the site of several battles between two summoner factions symbolized with the Stag and Owl crests. The Stag, or the Protectorate, was an order dedicated to enforcing a rigid, unforgiving system of laws, in an attempt to slow the seemingly inevitable rise of the Magelords. The Owl, or the Magelord, was a culture which once conquered more than half the world at the dawn of civilization. It was strictly segregated into brutal warrior-castes, whose rise and fall was dictated by their victories in battle. Though the great armies of the Magelord Empire have vanished into antiquity, their modern descendants uphold the vicious brutality of their ancestors. Marauders are the remnants of that once powerful empire just as the Wardens are the remnants of the Protectorate order. Wildlife [ ] The large amount of concentrated magic has mutated the local wildlife. From giant frogs , giant birds to two headed wolves it has also attracted the attention of a powerful Dragon who currently resides in one of the battle torn ruins. Sentinels , Bramblebacks and Krugs are creatures made from local flora and earth infused to construct a magical being. The Rifts unstable magic has inadvertently caused the reemergence of Baron Nashor , a large Serpent/Worm largely believed to be dead for centuries. It has his corruption affecting the land around him. Other known creature that live in this area are species of forest chameleons, ducks, Antlermice, Porowls, dragonflies and butterflies. Land Aquatic Antlermice [ ] Main article: Antlermouse Antlermice are a quadruped mammalian species native to Summoner's Rift . They have large ears for hearing and a long skinny tail for movability against larger predators. Their fur varies from light to medium dark drown, and their eyes are of a light green color. Their antlers are used for attracting mates, contesting with other males and generally for mating seasons and self-defense. Bantha [ ] Main article: Bantha Bantha are large quadruped mammalian species used by Yordle merchants for transport. They have long brown fur across their whole body, large front tusks, hooves, and horns to fend off carnivorous predators. They are mainly herbivores. Despite its enormous and intimidating look, Banthas are gentle giants. One such creature was spotted on the Summoner's Rift . Blast Cones [ ] Main article: Blast Cone (Species) Blast Cones are a type of plant native to Summoner's Rift with explosive fruit. Their explosive properties are powerful enough to fling a humanoid several meters away. Bramblebacks [ ] A Red Brambleback and Cinderlings . Main article: Brambleback Bramblebacks are magical fusion of flora and fauna native to Summoner's Rift . Despite its plant like appearance, having tree bark for its skin and leaves as fur, its behavior is very much of an animal reminiscent of a bear or wolf. The creature is powered by fire magic. Smaller forms of this creature are called Cinderlings . Dragons [ ] Dragon above the Summoner's Rift Main article: Dragon Dragons are winged, elemental-breathing reptiles that can reach near-giant sizes over their long, long lifespans, they are the indisputable ruler of the skies. Both fearsome and majestic, dragons have a society that revolves around strength and might and because of their egoistic and narcissistic pride, mixing their blood with that of races outside of dragonkind are seen as an abomination, a cancer that must be eradicated utterly. Many dragons persecute such defiled creations and their perpetrators to no end, a thing that Shyvana, the Half-Dragon , and her deceased father found out firsthand. There are six types of dragons: Elemental Drakes : Cloud , Hextech , Infernal , Mountain , Ocean drakes. Elder Dragons . The most powerful dragons have World Rune shards within them, which gives them their elemental powers. Forest Chameleons [ ] Forest chameleons are a quadruped lizard species native to Runeterra but are a common sight on Summoner's Rift . Their scales of an orange color and their eyes are light green. They can usually be seen on forest trees and rocks, where they blend very well away from dangers. Krugs [ ] An Ancient Krug and a Krug . Main article: Krug (Species) Krugs are magical fusion of flora, fauna, and rock native to Summoner's Rift . Despite its rock like appearance, its behavior is very much of an animal reminiscent of a bear, wolf, or a beetle. The creature is powered by nature magic. Larger forms of this creature are called Ancient Krugs . Murk Wolves [ ] Greater Murk Wolf hunting an Antlermouse. Main article: Murk Wolf (Species) Murk Wolves are mammalian creatures that are magically altered by runic magical energy scattered across the Summoner's Rift . They usually live near caves and dense forest growths. The color of their fur varies upon how much a murk wolf was altered by magical energy in the womb, ether a light brown color or a murky gray color. They have also been instances of mutations in this species, where some murk wolves are born with two heads . It is said that killing a Greater Murk Wolf with the spell of Smite summons forth a forest spirit to act as watcher for the victor. Porowls [ ] Main article: Porowl Porowls are an avian species native to Summoner's Rift . Their feathers are a gray-brownish color and have small dark brown horns. Their appearance inspired many of the Magelords architecture. They can usually be seen atop of trees, curiously watching the goings-on around them. Raptors [ ] Crimson Raptor with her raptor young. Main article: Raptor (Species) Raptors are an avian species native to Summoner's Rift . While incapable of flight, they have large strong back legs and large front teeth used for hunting. This species tends to its young until they can fend for themselves against larger predators. When born their feathers are the predominantly blue-greenish color, once they mature their obtain the Crimson Raptor look. Their feathers are used for making cloaks . It is said that killing a Crimson Raptor with the spell of Smite grants unto the victor the keen senses of the beast, allowing them to see unseen threats. Scryer's Blooms [ ] Main article: Scryer's Bloom (Species) Scryer's Blooms are a type of plant with magical properties, being used for clairvoyance . Sentinels [ ] A Blue Sentinel and Sentries . Main article: Sentinel Sentinels , or stone-golems, are magical fusion of flora, fauna, and rock native to Summoner's Rift . Despite its rock like appearance, its behavior is very much of an animal reminiscent of a bear or wolf. The creature is powered by nature magic. Smaller forms of this creature are called Sentries . Ivern has befriended an injured stone-golem . Knowing the poor creature was on the verge of death, he fashioned her a new heart from a river pebble. Adhering to the tradition of all mineral beings, the golem became Ivern's devoted life-friend. He named her Daisy , after the flowers that mysteriously sprouted from her stone body. Today, if Ivern is threatened, she races to his side. Baron Nashor [ ] Baron Nashor of Summoner's Rift. Baron Nashor is a voidborn creature residing on Summoner's Rift . This one of a kind creature has a shape and behavior of a river serpent. What differentiates it from a regular serpent is its numerous arachnid appendages, as well as two additional mouths protruding from its head area. The creature has 12 eyes (some of them injured due to past battles), a mouth with sharp theeth that can gape open wide for larger prey, and horned like crests on the top of the head. The colours of the creatures exoskeleton go from dark purple to light teal. This creature was believed to be deceased for numereous centuries, but due to rescent Void rifts opening on Summoner's Rift it has reemerged again. Frogs [ ] Gromp , the mutated frog. Main article: Frog Frogs are amphibious creatures that inhabit specific magical locations, such as Summoner's Rift . Although frogs are a common sight, an amalgamation of a frog specimen and a magical anomaly borne the monsters known as Gromp . These monsters are hardy and tough and its hide can deflect the sharpest of blades and the strongest of spells. It is said that killing a Gromp with the spell of Smite grants unto the victor the creature's poisonous presence, giving even the fiercest predator pause. Honeyfruit [ ] Main article: Honeyfruit (Species) Honeyfruit are a type of edible plant native to Summoner's Rift and can be seen harvested near the city of Palcyff. Its healing properties are also used for medicinal purposes such as Health potions . Being a semi-aquatic plant, it can be seen on the shores of rivers, lakes, and other bodies of fresh water . Scuttle Crabs [ ] A Rift Scuttler . Main article: Scuttle Crab . Scuttler Crabs or Rift Scuttlers live in the fresh waters of Valoran and can be found near the docks of Bilgewater and in Summoner's Rift . They are small green-shelled crustaceans with 3 pairs of legs and one pair of front claws. They sometimes bury themselves into the muck of the river to avoid predators and are known to either avoid or flee from dangers. To confer peaceful resolution (hence the elusive pacifist nickname) to the force that subdues it, it will grant them a boon: a persistent field around it that grants vision and magical speed to the aggressor and its allies. If corrupted by The Void , a Rift Scuttler turns into a Rift Herald . Media [ ] Music Videos Gallery Summoner Icons Related Music In-Game Music Lobby https://leagueoflegends.fandom.com/wiki/File:Ambience_Summoner%27s_Rift_Music.ogg In-Queue https://leagueoflegends.fandom.com/wiki/File:In-Queue_Summoner%27s_Rift_Music.ogg ReadyCheck https://leagueoflegends.fandom.com/wiki/File:ReadyCheck_Summoner%27s_Rift_SFX.ogg Summoner's Rift (Old) Theme Summoner's Rift (Winter) Theme Summoner's Rift (Autumn) Theme Summoner's Rift (New) Theme Summoner's Rift - Login Screen 2015 Season - Login Screen Arcade Summoner's Rift Music You Really Got Me - Cinematic Trailer - League of Legends- Wild Rift (ft. 2WEI) Related Videos Update to Summoner's Rift - Pre Beta Footage Summoner's Rift Preview Summoner's Rift Livestream VOD Summoner's Rift Gameplay Summoner's Rift Easter Eggs Compilation Summoner's Rift Easter Eggs, Secrets & References - League of Legends Winter Summoner's Rift Preview A Twist of Fate Cinematic - League of Legends A New Dawn Cinematic - League of Legends Voice - Thresh Announcer (Summoners Rift etc.) - English Star Guardian Ahri Summoners Rift Announcer Arcade Summoners Rift Map! For information about the Additional Media , see Summoner's Rift (League of Legends) . Summoner's Rift Promo 1 Summoner's Rift Promo 2 Summoner's Rift Promo 3 Summoner's Rift Promo 4 (by Riot Artist Kienan 'Knockwurst' Lafferty ) Summoner's Rift Architecture Concept 1 (by Riot Artist Albert Carranza ) Summoner's Rift Architecture Concept 2 (by Riot Artist Albert Carranza ) Summoner's Rift Architecture Models 1 (by Riot Artist Albert Carranza ) Summoner's Rift Architecture Models 2 (by Riot Artist Albert Carranza ) Summoner's Rift Architecture Models 3 (by Riot Artist Albert Carranza ) Summoner's Rift Flora Models (by Riot Artist Albert Carranza ) 1st Summoner's Rift Minimap 1st Summoner's Rift Map 1st Summoner's Rift Monster Locations Summoner's Rift Cinematic Concept Summoner's Rift Cinematic Promo Summoner's Rift Update Diagram Summoner's Rift Update Minimap Summoner's Rift Update Map Summoner's Rift Update Landscape 1 Summoner's Rift Update Landscape 2 (by Riot Artist Patrick Faulwetter ) Summoner's Rift Update Landscape 3 (by Riot Artist Patrick Faulwetter ) Summoner's Rift Update Landscape 4 (by Riot Artist Patrick Faulwetter ) Summoner's Update Rift Landscape 5 Summoner's Rift Update Concept 1 (by Riot Artist Trent Kaniuga ) Summoner's Rift Update Concept 2 (by Riot Artist Trent Kaniuga ) Summoner's Rift Update Concept 3 (by Riot Artist Trent Kaniuga ) Summoner's Rift Update Concept 4 (by Riot Artist Trent Kaniuga ) Summoner's Rift Update Concept 5 (by Riot Artist Trent Kaniuga ) Summoner's Rift Update Concept 6 (by Riot Artist Trent Kaniuga ) Summoner's Rift Update Concept 7 (by Riot Artist Trent Kaniuga ) Summoner's Rift Update Concept 8 (by Riot Artist Trent Kaniuga ) Summoner's Rift Update Concept 9 (by Riot Artist Trent Kaniuga ) Summoner's Rift Update Concept 10 (by Riot Artist Trent Kaniuga ) Summoner's Rift Update Concept 11 (by Riot Artist Trent Kaniuga ) Summoner's Rift Update Concept 12 (by Riot Artist Trent Kaniuga ) Summoner's Rift Update Concept 13 (by Riot Artist Duy Khanh Nguyen ) Summoner's Rift Update Concept 14 Summoner's Rift Update Concept 15 Summoner's Rift Update Concept 16 Summoner's Rift Update Concept 17 Summoner's Rift Update Concept 18 Summoner's Rift Update Concept 19 Summoner's Rift Update Concept 20 Summoner's Rift Update Concept 21 Summoner's Rift Update Concept 22 Summoner's Rift Update Concept 23 Summoner's Rift Update Concept 24 Summoner's Rift Update Concept 25 Summoner's Rift Update Concept 26 Summoner's Rift Update Concept 27 Summoner's Rift Update Concept 28 Summoner's Rift Update Concept 29 Summoner's Rift Update Concept 30 Summoner's Rift Update Concept 31 Summoner's Rift Update Concept 32 Summoner's Rift Update Concept 33 Summoner's Rift Update Concept 34 Summoner's Rift Update Concept 35 Summoner's Rift Update Concept 36 (by Riot Artist Trent Kaniuga ) Summoner's Rift Update Concept 37 (by Riot Artist Trent Kaniuga ) Summoner's Rift Update Concept 38 Summoner's Rift Update Concept 39 Summoner's Rift Update Concept 40 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Update Concept 41 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Update Concept 42 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Update Concept 43 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Update Concept 44 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Update Concept 45 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Update Winter Concept 1 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Update Winter Concept 2 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Update Winter Concept 3 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Update Winter Concept 4 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Update Winter Concept 5 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Update Winter Concept 6 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Update Blue Team Stag Summoner's Rift Update Red Team Owl Red Shopkeeper Stand Items Raptor, Forest chameleon, Antlermice and Kog'Maw on Summoners Rift Summoner's Rift Porowl Protectorate and Magelord Carvings Summoner's Rift Sharks Poro on the Blue Side of Summoner's Rift Poro on the Red Side of Summoner's Rift An antlermice on Summoner's Rift The rubber duckie on Summoner's Rift A stag on the bottom right side of Summoner's Rift World Championship Mid Lane Arcade Summoner's Rift Wolf Camp Pre and Post SR Update Old vs New Fog of War Rendering River Rendering a Full Scene Rendering a Full Scene 2 Summoner's Rift Blood Moon Concept 1 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Blood Moon Concept 2 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Blood Moon Concept 3 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Blood Moon Concept 4 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Blood Moon Concept 5 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Blood Moon Concept 6 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Arcade Concept 1 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Arcade Concept 2 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Arcade Concept 3 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Arcade Concept 4 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Arcade Concept 5 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Arcade Concept 6 (by Riot Artist Ayhan Aydogan ) Summoner's Rift Arcade Concept 7 (by Riot Artist Ayhan Aydogan ) Summoner's Rift Arcade Concept 8 (by Riot Artist Ayhan Aydogan ) Summoner's Rift Arcade Concept 9 (by Riot Artist Ayhan Aydogan ) Summoner's Rift Arcade Concept 10 (by Riot Artist Ayhan Aydogan ) Summoner's Rift Arcade Concept 11 (by Riot Artist Ayhan Aydogan ) Summoner's Rift Arcade Concept 12 (by Riot Artist Ayhan Aydogan ) Summoner's Rift Arcade Concept 13 (by Riot Artist Ayhan Aydogan ) Summoner's Rift Arcade Concept 14 (by Riot Artist Ayhan Aydogan ) Summoner's Rift Arcade Concept 15 (by Riot Artist Ayhan Aydogan ) 2018 Lunar Revel Summoners Rift Concept (by Riot Artist Grace Liu ) MSI 2018 Champion Promo Summoner's Rift Elements Concept 1 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Elements Concept 2 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Elements Concept 3 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Elements Concept 4 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Elements Concept 5 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Elements Concept 6 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Elements Concept 7 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Elements Concept 8 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Elements Concept 9 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Elements Concept 10 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Elements Concept 11 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Elements Concept 12 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift Elements Concept 13 (by Riot Artist Jeremy Page ) Summoner's Rift "League of Legends" Promo 1 Summoner's Rift "League of Legends" Promo 2 Summoner's Rift "Legends of Runeterra" Illustration 2018 Pool Party Summoners Rift Concept Summoner's Rift Update Loading Background Summoner's Rift Update Winter Loading Background Hunt of the Blood Moon Loading Background Summoner's Rift VS 2017 Loading Background Summoner's Rift Versus 2018 Loading Background Summoner's Rift Pool Party Loading Background Summoner's Rift Arcade Loading Background Rainbow Fluft Loading Background Main article: Summoner icon Blue Melee Minion 1 Blue Melee Minion 2 Blue Siege Minion Blue Caster Minion Blue Super Minion Golem Lizard Purple Siege Minion 1 Purple Siege Minion 2 Purple Melee Minion Purple Caster Minion Purple Super Minion Lesser Wolf Giant Wolf Wraith Latin America Beta Tester Turret Blue Team Stag Red Team Owl Baron Nashor Gromp Dragon Scuttle Krab Greater Murk Wolf Crimson Raptor Ancient Krug Rift Frog Rift Duck See Also [ ] Institute of War Marauder Warden References ↑ Summoner's Rift not main canon Other Locations Disputed Locations Demacian Walls · Howling Marsh · Ionia City · Kaladoun · Lower Demacia · Marshes of Kaladoun · Mogron Pass · Paisfield · Plague Jungles · Urtistan · Urvash · Voodoo Lands · Westerley Alternate Universe Locations Cosmic Ruins · Crash Site · Institute of War · Magma Chamber · Proving Grounds · Substructure 43 · Summoner's Rift · Valoran City Park Game Locations Butcher's Bridge · Cosmic Ruins · Crash Site · Crystal Scar · Howling Abyss · Institute of War · Magma Chamber · Proving Grounds · Substructure 43 · Summoner's Rift · Temple of Lily and Lotus · Twisted Treeline · Valoran City Park