For story, see Surrender Surrender vote in progress Surrendering is a vote allowing a team to forfeit the game. A player can call a surrender vote by typing /surrender , /ff , /concede or /forfeit in chat, or by pressing the "Surrender" button in the options menu. There are three types of surrender votes: Surrender , AFK Surrender , and Remake . Initiating a surrender vote will display a pop-up menu of the type of surrender for 60 seconds from which players are able to cast their vote for or against the motion. At least 4 out of 5 players or 70% of the team must agree to surrender in order for the vote to pass, and calling a surrender vote automatically votes for the motion to surrender, on the instigator's behalf. On a team of three or fewer (active) players, the vote becomes unanimous; the entire team must agree. Any player who abstains from the vote is also counted against the motion to surrender. Players who are disconnected or considered AFK (idle) are not counted in the vote, including those that vote and quit immediately after. The system will report in the team chat that a surrender vote has started. If the vote succeeds, the system will communicate to both teams (in all chat) that the surrender has passed. If the vote fails, the system will announce in the team chat that the surrender was unsuccessful. If the conditions for the vote can no longer be met, the vote fails immediately and cannot be initiated again for another three minutes of game time. This occurs if more than 30% of the team disagrees with the vote, or at least one player does for a unanimous vote. If the vote passes, the surrender is successful and the surrendering team's Nexus destroys itself, resulting in their defeat and a victory for the opposing team. The game will then end as if it was completed and won by the opposing team through normal means. Players can vote by clicking either one of the "Yes" or "No" buttons, as well as typing /surrender , /ff or /nosurrender , /noff , respectively. The player that initiated the surrender vote is anonymous. Additionally, that player cannot call for another surrender vote for 6 minutes. They are however still able to participate in one. Contents 1 Time limit 2 Remake 2.1 Conditions 3 Trivia 4 References Time limit [ ] On Summoner's Rift , surrenders cannot be called before the 15 minute mark. In Quickplay specifically, this is lowered to 10 minutes. If a player is AFK, that player's team can surrender at any point after 3 minutes and 30 seconds with a unanimous vote, or at 15 minutes with the normal vote rules. On Howling Abyss , surrenders cannot be called before the 8 minute mark. However, the surrender vote is considered an "early surrender" and must be unanimous if the vote is called prior to the 12 minute mark. On patch 13.24 the early surrender was removed either as an unlisted change or a mistake. On Twisted Treeline , surrenders were not be able to be called before the 15 minute mark. Remake [ ] If a player either disconnects or is idle or within the spawn for 90 consecutive seconds within the first 3 minutes of the game, then the other members of the team can issue a /remake vote that ends the game in a tie (also called "Remake"). [1] At 45 seconds (0:45) of game time, the disconnected/idle player will receive a message in the chat informing them that they need to leave the spawn. If they still haven't done so at 70 seconds (1:10), they will receive a pop-up message with the same reminder. Casting a remake vote is available from at least 1:30 and until at most 3:29 game time (when the 90 consecutive seconds of idling are completed by 1:30 and 2:59, respectively) for teams to decide if they want to remake a game or not. Remake votes strictly have 30 seconds to conclude. After 3:00, remaking to end the game in a tie is not available anymore, therefore a surrender must happen instead. After remaking, the match will end and the disconnected player will be penalized with a loss, a reduction in LP, and " Leaver " flag. All other players will not be issued a loss nor a win, and the match outcome is explicitly a "Remake" inside their match record. Remake is available only in matchmade games. In ranked queues , a remake counts as a loss towards any Diamond IV+ players in a premade with the disconnected player. Conditions [ ] Remake can be only issued under certain conditions, to which a chat prompt will alert if all are met: An ally has been marked as AFK (idle) or has remained disconnected for an entire 90 seconds, before the three minute mark. Two out of four players (at least 30% of connected players) vote to remake (will formally surrender the game, but neither count as a defeat or victory for either team). A First Blood against the disconnected player's team has not taken place before they disconnect. If a First Blood takes time during /remake voting, said voting will not be cancelled. Trivia [ ] The original wait time to initiate a surrender vote on Summoner's Rift was 20 minutes before adding in the early surrender option of 15 minutes. The name of the Riot endorsed site, Surrender@20 , is a reference to that surrender wait time. You can surrender even if your team has destroyed the enemy Nexus , before the "Victory" screen appears. The game will result in Defeat for the surrendering team, even though they have already destroyed the enemy Nexus and completed the game objective. This is the only way to cause both Nexuses to be visually destroyed. Completing the surrender process while your Nexus is being manually destroyed will result in the Nexus exploding twice. If the enemy team surrenders and your team surrenders immediately afterwards, the result will be Defeat for your team. In other words, only the last surrender pass before the Nexus explodes will count for the result of the game, when both teams surrender in quick succession. In the OVERCHARGE featured game mode , it was possible to surrender after 30 seconds. A video demonstrating this can be seen here . References [ ] ↑ Remake FAQ