Games Universe • League of Legends • Teamfight Tactics Image Sylas Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Sylas the Unshackled Release date 2019-01-25 Last changed V14.1 Class(es) Burst Skirmisher Legacy Mage Assassin Position(s) Top Jungle Middle Resource Mana Range type Melee Adaptive type Magic Store price 3150 | 790 Crafting + 1890 Ratings Damage 2 Toughness 2 Control 1 Mobility 3 Utility 1 Style Difficulty Champion Spotlight Sylas Champion Spotlight Sylas is a champion in League of Legends . [1] Gameplay • Cosmetics • Audio • Development • Patch History • History • Trivia Base statistics Sylas Edit Health 575 +129 Mana 400 +70 Health regen. (per 5s) 9 +0.9 Mana regen. (per 5s) 8 +0.8 Armor 27 +5.2 Attack damage 61 +3 Magic resist. 32 +2.55 Crit. damage 175% Move. speed 340 Attack range 175 Attack speed Base AS 0.645 Attack windup 16.774% AS ratio N/A Bonus AS +3.5 % Unit radius Gameplay radius 65 Selection radius 100 Pathing radius 35 Acq. radius 525 Special statistics ARAM Nexus Blitz One For All URF Ult Spellbook Arena Damage Dealt +5% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt -5% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Abilities [ ] Edit Petricite Burst Petricite Burst EFFECT RADIUS: 300 Innate: Whenever Sylas casts an ability , he generate a stack of Unshackled for 4 seconds, refreshing on subsequent casts and stacking up to 3 times. While Sylas has stacks, he gains 125% bonus attack speed . Unshackled: Sylas' next basic attack is empowered to consume a stack to whirl his chains around him, which has an uncancellable windup and deals 130% AD (+ 25% AP) magic damage to the primary target and 40% AD (+ 20% AP) magic damage to nearby enemies. Damage to secondary targets executes minions that would be left below 25 health . The empowered attack applies on-hit effects only to the primary target but disables the bonus damage from critical strikes . Ability effects only apply to secondary targets. Hide Details Info Targeting input Passive Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Magic Counters Spell shield Parries Not Blocked See Notes Spellblade damage does not get converted to magic damage, and will deal its damage only to the primary target. Petricite Burst attacks do not add stacks of Press the Attack to the target. Petricite Burst attacks do not apply life steal . Petricite Burst attacks can critically strike , but deal no increased damage when they do. Petricite Burst can be dodged , blocked , or missed while Sylas is blinded as the primary target but not as a secondary target. Edit Chain Lash Chain Lash COST: 55 Mana COOLDOWN: 11 / 10 / 9 / 8 / 7 CAST TIME: 0. 4 TARGET RANGE: 50 / 775 EFFECT RADIUS: 180 / 200 Active: Sylas lashes out two chains that converge to the target location and extend beyond it up to a maximum range, dealing magic damage to enemies hit and slowing them for 1. 5 seconds. Magic Damage: 40 / 60 / 80 / 100 / 120 (+ 40% AP) Slow: 15 / 20 / 25 / 30 / 35% After a 0. 6 -second delay, the chains' intersection explodes to deal magic damage to enemies within, reduced by 60% against minions and monsters . Magic Damage: 70 / 125 / 180 / 235 / 290 (+ 90% AP) Non-Champion Damage: 28 / 50 / 72 / 94 / 116 (+ 36% AP) Total Champion Damage: 110 / 185 / 260 / 335 / 410 (+ 130% AP) Total Non-Champion Damage: 68 / 110 / 152 / 194 / 236 (+ 76% AP) Chain Lash will cast at max range if cast beyond that. Hide Details Info Targeting input Location Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Magic Counters Spell shield Projectile Blocked Not Blocked The detonation's effect radius center is placed at the intersection between the chains from the initial cast, meaning a max range cast can create a detonation that reaches further than the chains do. Edit Kingslayer Kingslayer COST: 50 / 60 / 70 / 80 / 90 Mana COOLDOWN: 12 / 10. 5 / 9 / 7. 5 / 6 CAST TIME: none RANGE: 400 Active: Sylas dashes to the front of the target enemy's location then strikes them to deal magic damage . Magic Damage: 65 / 100 / 135 / 170 / 205 (+ 80% AP) If this damages a champion , Sylas is also healed , increased by 0% − 100% (based on his missing health) . Minimum Heal: 20 / 40 / 60 / 80 / 100 (+ 35% AP) Maximum Heal: 40 / 80 / 120 / 160 / 200 (+ 70% AP) Hide Details Info Targeting input Unit Target out-of-range override Walk in range of the target Damage type Type Sub-type Spell damage Magic Counters Spell shield Grounded Knockdown Blocked Disabled Interrupted The damage will be dealt if the dash completed uninterrupted, and regardless of how far the target's location is at the end of the dash. Sylas will heal even if the target champion dies before the dash is completed. The only exception is if the target becomes untargetable , in which case Kingslayer will have no effect. Despite being single target, Kingslayer does not draw minion aggro. (bug) Edit Abscond Abscond COST: 65 Mana COOLDOWN : 13 / 12 / 11 / 10 / 9 CAST TIME: none TARGET RANGE: 400 SPEED: 1450 Active: Sylas dashes to the target location. Within 3. 5 seconds, he can cast Abduct after a 0. 2 -second delay from casting Abscond . Kingslayer can be cast during the dash. Abscond will cast at max range if cast beyond that. Edit Abduct Abduct CAST TIME: 0. 25 RANGE: 950 / 790 WIDTH: 120 SPEED: 2500 - 400 / 1800 Active: Sylas whips out his chains in the target direction that deal magic damage to the first enemy hit and reveal and stun them for 0. 5 seconds. Upon hitting the target, Sylas dashes to their location and knocks them up for 0. 5 seconds upon arrival. Magic Damage: 80 / 130 / 180 / 230 / 280 (+ 100% AP) Sylas is unable to cast Chain Lash while the chains are in flight. Hide Abscond Details Abduct Details Targeting input Location Counters Grounded Knockdown Disabled Interrupted Notes No additional details. Targeting input Direction Damage type Type Sub-type Spell damage Magic Counters Spell shield Projectile Grounded Blocked Blocked Disabled Knockdown Interrupted Notes Abduct counts as an ability activation for the purposes of on-cast effects such as Spellblade and triggering Force Pulse's passive. Sylas will not dash to his target if the chains are blocked by spell shield . The target will be revealed for 2 seconds if the dash is interrupted. Abduct will still apply the knock up if the target is untargetable by the end of the dash. This ability will cast from wherever the caster is at the start of the cast time. Sylas is unable to perform actions while dashing to the target, and becomes able to again after 0. 05 seconds of the dash ending. Sylas will not dash to the target hit if he is channeling or dashing from a Hijacked ability. Abduct will not apply the knock up when this happens. If the chains connect before a pre-channel cast time is complete then Sylas will dash to the target and the ability will cancel. Edit Hijack Hijack COST: 75 Mana COOLDOWN : 80 / 55 / 30 CAST TIME: 0. 25 TARGET RANGE: 950 SPEED: 2200 On-Target Cooldown : 200% of target's ultimate cooldown Active: Sylas launches his chains at the target enemy champion, gaining a copy of their ultimate ability and revealing them for 0. 825 seconds at the start of the cast time. Sylas cannot select the same champion again for a set duration, and can hold the hijacked ultimate for up to 90 seconds, during which he can recast Hijack . Recast: Sylas casts his hijacked ultimate ability at no cost, scaling based on Hijack's rank and his own statistics . Hijacked ultimates and abilities that do not scale with ability power have their attack damage ratios converted to ability power ratios, scaling with 0. 6 % AP per 1% total AD , and 0. 4 % AP per 1% bonus AD respectively. Link ▶️ "What's yours is mine!" Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Unit Target out-of-range override Walk in range of the target Counters Spell shield Projectile Blocked Blocked Petricite Burst 's stack from casting Hijack is given after Sylas receives the Hijacked ability. Hijack' s per target cooldown is indicated by a ring under recently targetted enemy champions, and is only visible to Sylas and each individual enemy. If Sylas casts Hijack on a clone , no ultimate is stolen and the ability will be placed on full cooldown. The same does not occur for champions within a zombie state . Clones do not copy Hijack's target cooldown indicator, potentially revealing them to Sylas . Neeko's Inherent Glamour does not hide her personal cooldown indicator, nor does she copy her allies'. If the target becomes untargetable , dies , or is too far away or no longer in sight during the cast time, this ability will cancel but does not go on cooldown nor pay its cost (if applicable). If the same happens when casting an on-target stolen ability, the ability will instead cancel and go on cooldown. If Hijack is intercepted by Braum's Unbreakable , Sylas will gain a copy of Glacial Fissure instead and an on-target cooldown will be applied to him. If Braum has an on-target cooldown on him (by being previously Hijacked ) upon interception, no ultimate will be stolen. Since the copied ability scales based on Hijack's rank, abilities can be copied regardless of their rank. Hijack will copy all components of the ability: their passives and actives as well as recast effects. Hijack will not trigger the effects of other abilities unless absolutely necessary. Shape-shifting ultimates will transform Sylas into the target's alternate form, replacing his basic abilities and base stats. Namely: Cougar Form , Spider Form , Cannon Form and Dragon Form . Dragon's Descent transforms Sylas' mana , into Shyvana's fury , being able to replenishing it by basic attacking. At the end of the effect, Sylas gains his previous mana. Dragon's Descent does not refresh ability cooldowns upon transforming. Spider Form freezes Sylas' original cooldowns on their current values, causing them to not come off cooldown during Spider Form. (bug) Upon transforming back from Cannon Form , Sylas' next basic attack deals Transform Mercury Hammer 's bonus magic damage and uses his critical strike animation. Transforming into Cannon Form with more than 2 stacks of Unshackled and then casting Hypercharge will limit its effect until the currently held Unshackled stacks are spent. (bug) Transforming into Cougar Form with more than 2 stacks of Unshackled and then casting Takedown will disable Takedown's effect until the buff timer runs out. (bug) Permanent transformations last for ~5 minutes or until toggled off. The alternate abilities of transforming champions will cost mana and scale with the ranks as appropriate for the ability (e.g. ranks in R for Nidalee and ranks in Q/W/E for Jayce/Elise). Upon transforming, a Petricite Burst stack will be deducted. Petricite Burst stacks will still be gained from abilities cast in alternate forms, but the stacks are gained independently from the normal ones. If Sylas has both normal and transformed stacks, Petricite Burst will prioritize consuming Sylas stacks before the transformed ones. Ultimates comply with One for All rules if an ally is playing the hijacked champion. For example, an allied Darius' Hemorrhage stacks will increase the damage of the hijacked Noxian Guillotine ; or an allied Syndra's Dark Sphere will add extra damage to hijacked Unleashed Power as well as producing 3 spheres that she can use. Ultimate Interactions Ahri's Spirit Rush - Does not gain Essence Theft's takedown effect thus cannot grant additional recasts. Akshan's Comeuppance - Sylas can cast Abscond , but doing so ends the channel prematurely. If Comeuppance is cast after Abduct but before the chains hit a target, Sylas isn't pulled to the target and the channel continues as usual. Amumu's Curse of the Sad Mummy - Does not apply Cursed Touch . Aphelios' Moonlight Vigil - Based on the main weapon at the moment of steal. Crescendum empowers his basic attacks temporarily. Calibrum does not apply marks. Severum grants a shield if healed while at full health. Ashe's Enchanted Crystal Arrow - Does not apply Frost Shot to secondary targets. Brand's Pyroclasm - Does not apply stacks of Blaze . Cho'Gath's Feast - Gains permanent Feast stacks on-kill. Corki's Missile Barrage - Gains max charges. Darius' Noxian Guillotine - Does not apply a stack of Hemorrhage . Upon gaining a reset from a Rank 3 Noxian Guillotine , Sylas can hold onto the ability for up to 300 seconds. Fiora's Grand Challenge - Gains movement speed in the effect and can trigger the area healing, but Vitals do not deal bonus damage. Galio's Hero's Entrance - Gives Sylas and allies Shield of Durand's magic shield , based on Kingslayer rank. Gangplank's Cannon Barrage - Does not steal cannon upgrades. Gnar's GNAR! - Gains a usable ultimate regardless of cast on Mini Gnar or Mega Gnar . Gwen's Needlework - Does not apply Thousand Cuts . Heimerdinger's UPGRADE!!! - Sylas's basic abilities are replaced with Heimerdinger's empowered abilities. The upgrade buff lasts until the ultimate can be stolen again. Illaoi's Leap of Faith - Does not reduce cooldown of Kingslayer . Irelia's Vanguard's Edge - Applies marks of Bladesurge . Jax's Grandmaster-At-Arms - Applies magic damage on-hit while holding onto Grandmaster's Might , this effect is lost upon activation. Kassadin's Riftwalk - Only provides one use. Kai'Sa's Killer Instinct - Sylas' basic attacks, Abduct and nearby allies' immobilizations apply stacks of Plasma , up to 4. Sylas is unable to apply the 5th stack necessary to expunge the stacks. Kalista's Fate's Call - Only castable with a link (purchasable in the Shop for 0 gold ). Karma's Mantra - Sylas' basic abilities are replaced with Karma's empowered abilities, according to Sylas' own ability ranks (including Hijack for Mantra bonuses). Katarina's Death Lotus - Can be cast without a target. Kayn's Umbral Trespass - Based on current form ( Shadow Assassin / Rhaast ). Kha'Zix's Void Assault - Can steal the ability's evolution bonus effects. Kennen's Slicing Maelstrom - Applies Mark of the Storm . Kled's Chaaaaaaaarge!!! - Does not need mount to cast. Kog'Maw's Living Artillery - Only provides one use. LeBlanc's Mimic - Uses the empowered version of LeBlanc's last cast basic ability. Mimic Sigil of Malice does not apply its mark. If she has not cast any abilities, Mimic Sigil of Malice is copied. Leona's Solar Flare - Does not apply Sunlight . Lillia's Lilting Lullaby - Sylas' abilities apply Dream-Laden Bough's debuff, which does not deal its damage over time. Lucian's The Culling - Can cast Abscond and Abduct freely during the channel. Lux's Final Spark - Does not apply Illumination . Master Yi's Highlander - Takedowns reduce basic ability cooldowns while holding onto Highlander , this effect is lost upon activation. Mordekaiser's Realm of Death - Can join the dimension of outgoing realms if cast in the proper range (does not extend their duration) . Nasus' Fury of the Sands - Does not reduce cooldown of Chain Lash . Neeko's Inherent Glamour - Always steals Pop Blossom , regardless of the champion Neeko is disguised as. Olaf's Ragnarok - Does not grant AD based on Sylas' AP , despite the tooltip indicating so. Orianna's Command: Shockwave - Cast on self without a Ball . Pantheon's Grand Starfall - The spear deals damage based on Chain Lash rank and scales with 46% AP . Quinn's Behind Enemy Lines - Does not cast Skystrike upon attacking an enemy champion. It can be casted manually however. Rengar's Thrill of the Hunt - Sylas will gain Unseen Predator on his next attack. Renekton's Dominus - Grants Sylas 20 mana on cast and then 5 mana per second (up to 75 total mana over the duration). Rek'Sai's Void Rush - Sylas' attacks against enemy champions will apply a mark which can be used to cast the ability. Riven's Blade of the Exile - Grants AD based on Sylas' AP on cast and grants him 75 bonus attack range for his auto attacks aswell for Chain Lash and Kingslayer . Samira's Inferno Trigger - Can use without a Grade . Seraphine's Encore - Allies do not gain Notes . Shaco's Hallucinate - Creates a Sylas Clone that also copies Sylas' stolen ultimate indicator. The clone behaves like a Shaco clone, being able to Backstab , apply Two-Shiv Poison 's slow scaling with Abscond rank, and summoning mini-boxes that deal damage based on Hijack rank. Shyvana's Dragon's Descent - Has a 200 second base cooldown. Skarner's Impale - Can freely cast abilities during the suppression, but cannot basic attack or Flash . Sylas' Hijack - Steals the ability that the enemy Sylas has stolen. Cannot be targeted if no ability has been stolen. Syndra's Unleashed Power - Throws a minimum of 3 spheres , which are left on the ground afterwards and vanish after 6 seconds. Talon's Shadow Assault - Does not apply Blade's End . Tahm Kench's Devour - Sylas' basic attacks apply An Acquired Taste , allowing him to cast Devour on enemies. Teemo's Noxious Trap - Gains max charges. Tristana's Buster Shot - Always has 525 cast range as Sylas does not benefit from Draw a Bead's per-level cast range increase. Twitch's Spray and Pray - Gains 300 attack range and his attacks produce missiles that travel 850 range. These attacks are classified as melee . Udyr - Steals Wingborne Storm , and can recast to Awaken it. Effects are based on Hijack's rank. Urgot's Fear Beyond Death - Can cast Kingslayer during the recast. Varus' Chain of Corruption - Applies stacks of Blight to targets hit that can be detonated by Sylas' other abilities, dealing damage based on Kingslayer rank. Vayne's Final Hour - Gains the AD and MS bonuses. Additionally, Sylas gains invisibility when he casts Chain Lash . Vel'Koz's Life Form Disintegration Ray - Does not apply Organic Deconstruction . Viego's Sovereign's Domination - Always steals Heartbreaker , regardless of the champion Viego is possessing. Viktor's Chaos Storm - Can steal the ability's evolution bonus effects. Xayah's Featherstorm - Feathers do not interact with an ally or enemy Xayah . Yasuo's Last Breath - Critical strikes ignore 50% of the target's bonus armor after activation. Yuumi's Final Chapter - Can freely cast abilities during the channel. Zac's Let's Bounce! - Cannot declare attacks nor use any abilities nor while bouncing. Sylas does not create chunks . Zeri's Lightning Crash - Can gain Overcharge's effects and refresh it on basic attacks (even without being charged) and abilities. Zed's Death Mark - Shadow does not mimic abilities but can be reactivated to swap places. Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit Enemy ultimate cooldown is refreshed each round. Champion skins [ ] This article section only contains champion skins. For all associated collection items, see Sylas (Collection) . Original View in 3D 975 25.01.2019 Raised in one of Demacia’s lesser quarters, Sylas of Dregbourne has come to symbolize the darker side of the Great City. As a boy, his ability to root out hidden sorcery caught the attention of the notorious mageseekers, who eventually imprisoned him for turning those same powers against them. Having now broken free, Sylas lives as a hardened revolutionary, using the magic of those around him to destroy the kingdom he once served… and his band of outcast mage followers seems to grow by the day. Fergus O'Donnell Victor '3rdColossus' Maury Loot eligible Lunar Wraith View in 3D 1350 25.01.2019 The hateful lord of the lunar wraiths, Sylas has waited eons to invade the heavenly realm, and depose its godly stewards. What happens to the balance between heaven and earth is not his concern; he simply craves chaos, and the hour of his triumph is fast approaching. Fergus O'Donnell Zeen Chin Lunar Revel Loot eligible Legacy New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Lunar Wraith Sylas Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Obsidian Pearl Ruby Freljord View in 3D 1350 10.01.2020 Free from the kingdom that once imprisoned him, Sylas of Dregbourne marches from Demacia to the Freljord. With every step he takes, he remembers what others have branded him: Mage, Traitor, Kingslayer—names he revels in as he endures the bitter cold, his heart warmed by the fires of rebellion. It will be here, in the icy north, that he will seize the ancient power needed to fuel his revolution… Fergus O'Donnell Katya Cyan, West Studio Freljord Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Freljord Sylas Chromas Amethyst Pearl Ruby Turquoise PROJECT View in 3D 1350 27.05.2021 A self-styled leader of the outcasts who live beyond the city's walls, Sylas has heeded Ashe's call and rallied the Renegades in defense of the City. Though his true motives are the collapse of PROJECT and the capital surveillance state, for now he's content destroying the armies of a dangerous rogue AI. Fergus O'Donnell David Villegas, West Studio PROJECT Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas PROJECT: Sylas Chromas Amethyst Catseye Citrine Pearl Peridot Reckoning Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Prestige PROJECT View in 3D Special 27.05.2021 With the Outcasts, G/Netic, and PROJECT itself faced with an insurmountable enemy, each faction turns to dangerous experimental technologies and long-lost robotics of a past age, hoping for an edge. Sylas, however, had a plan all along—integrating jailbroken corporate upgrades for the ultra-wealthy, so he can one day turn them on PROJECT. Fergus O'Donnell David Villegas, West Studio PROJECT Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall This skin is a variant of PROJECT . Store variants are discounted for multiple purchases. Battle Wolf View in 3D 1350 31.03.2022 Sylas is the leader of Wolf Team: a daring, ruthless strike force under the banner of Anima Squad. Though he rejects anyone claiming authority over him (Commander Fortune included), Sylas knows that if humanity falls, there will be nothing left to fight for. Fergus O'Donnell Jennifer Wuestling Anima Squad Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Battle Wolf Sylas Chromas Citrine Emerald Nightwire Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Turquoise Ashen Slayer View in 3D Special 22.09.2022 Sylas deeply loved magic, but long years of imprisonment made him hateful. As a knight, he deigned to take as much power for himself as he could, and perhaps become a new wellspring of enchantment… yet, it was all for naught. Now only the dying shadow of magic remains, with he its final, bitter champion. Fergus O'Donnell Félix Donadio, West Studio Ashen Knights Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Ashen Slayer Sylas Chromas Emberwoken Winterblessed View in 3D 1350 06.12.2023 The disgraced inventor, Sylas, had long harbored a grudge against Polaris and had prepared a special device for this occasion: gauntlets capable of absorbing the Aurora. He'd tested it on Hwei earlier, but now turned his focus to Polaris. Powerless to resist, Senna's power was taken away, to be spread among Sylas, Camille, and Thresh. Fergus O'Donnell Jennifer Wuestling Winterblessed Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Winterblessed Sylas Chromas Citrine Obsidian Pearl Peridot Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Wreathguard Patch history [ ] For the expanded patch notes, see here Trivia [ ] Sylas is one of 15 champions that have an ability that infinitely stacks an effect: Aurelion Sol , Bard , Bel'Veth , Cho'Gath , Draven , Kindred , Nasus , Senna , Shyvana , Sion , Smolder , Swain , Thresh , and Veigar . In Sylas's case, Hijack infinitely stacks his health if he steals Cho'Gath's Feast . Sylas is the first champion to have an animation when he cancels his Recall . [2] Sylas was the first champion released in 2019. See also [ ] League of Legends Wiki | Champions Cancelled Champions Ao Shin Avasha Averdrian CeeCee Cyborg Cowboy Eagle Rider Gavid Husk Iron Engineer Ivan Omen Priscilla Rob Blackblade Seth Tabu Tiki Urf Well References [ ] ↑ Sylas's profile page at LeagueOfLegends.com ↑ Sylas Recall Cancel