Games Universe • League of Legends • Teamfight Tactics • Wild Rift Image Syndra Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Syndra the Dark Sovereign Release date 2012-09-13 Last changed V13.24 Class(es) Burst Legacy Mage Position(s) Middle Resource Mana Range type Ranged Adaptive type Magic Store price 3150 | 790 Crafting + 1890 Ratings Damage 3 Toughness 1 Control 2 Mobility 1 Utility 1 Style Difficulty Champion Spotlight Syndra Champion Spotlight Syndra is a champion in League of Legends . [1] Gameplay • Cosmetics • Audio • Development • Patch History • History • Trivia Base statistics Syndra Edit Health 563 +104 Mana 480 +40 Health regen. (per 5s) 6.5 +0.6 Mana regen. (per 5s) 8 +0.8 Armor 25 +4.6 Attack damage 54 +2.9 Magic resist. 30 +1.3 Crit. damage 175% Move. speed 330 Attack range 550 Attack speed Base AS 0.658 Attack windup 18.75% AS ratio 0.625 Bonus AS +2 % Missile speed 1800 Unit radius Gameplay radius 65 Selection radius 125 Pathing radius 35 Acq. radius 575 Special statistics ARAM Nexus Blitz One For All URF Ult Spellbook Arena Damage Dealt +5% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt -15% Damage Received +10% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Abilities [ ] Edit Transcendent Transcendent Innate: Syndra collects Splinters of Wrath that enhance each of her abilities based on the number of them collected, stacking up to 120 times. She gains Splinters of Wrath from the following: Dealing two instances of ability damage to an enemy champion within 4 seconds grants 1 / 2 / 3 (based on level) Splinters . This cannot occur on the same target more than once every 8 seconds. Ranking up an ability with any skill points beyond level 1 grants 5 Splinters , up to 85 . Killing a large minion grants 1 Splinter . Collecting a Splinter of Wrath from an enemy restores 20 − 215 (based on level) mana . Splinters of Wrath are brought to Syndra from enemies over 0. 6 seconds. At 120 Splinters of Wrath , Syndra achieves Transcendence , increasing her ability power by 15%. Syndra can collect Splinters of Wrath from enemies even if she is at maximum stacks. These Splinters do not grant any stacks, but will still restore mana for Syndra . Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Passive Syndra's abilities gain additional visual effects when they reach their Splinter of Wrath thresholds. Her spells will also gain a red colored tint outlining the VFX. Dark Sphere will cause fractures to appear in the earth when it is used. Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit New Effect: Gains 10 Splinters of Wrath per round. Edit Dark Sphere Dark Sphere COST: 40 / 45 / 50 / 55 / 60 Mana COOLDOWN: 7 CAST TIME: none STATIC COOLDOWN: 1. 25 RECHARGE: 7 TARGET RANGE: 800 EFFECT RADIUS: 210 Active: Syndra conjures a Dark Sphere at the target location that appears after a 0. 6 -second delay, dealing magic damage to nearby enemies. The Dark Sphere then remains on the ground for 6 seconds. Magic Damage: 75 / 110 / 145 / 180 / 215 (+ 60% AP) Transcendent Bonus: Collecting 40 Splinters of Wrath causes Syndra to periodically stock a Dark Sphere charge, up to a maximum of 2. Dark Sphere will cast at max range if cast beyond that. Hide Details Info Targeting input Location Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Magic Counters Spell shield Blocked Dark Sphere can be conjured inside terrain, but cannot be thrown there with Force of Will . There is no limit as to how many Dark Spheres can be active at a time. Edit Force of Will Force of Will COST: 60 / 70 / 80 / 90 / 100 Mana COOLDOWN : 12 / 11 / 10 / 9 / 8 CAST TIME: none TARGET RANGE: 925 / 950 / 500 EFFECT RADIUS: 225 Active: Syndra grabs the nearest Dark Sphere , enemy minion or non-epic monster within 500 units from the target location, and holds the target for 5 seconds. If a Dark Sphere is grabbed, its duration is refreshed; if a minion or monster is grabbed, it is put in stasis . She prioritizes grabbing the nearest unit, then Dark Spheres . Force of Will can be recast while the target is being held. Recast: Syndra throws the grabbed target towards the target location, granting sight of their surroundings as they fall and dealing magic damage to them and nearby enemies. All targets hit are slowed for 1. 5 seconds. Magic Damage: 70 / 110 / 150 / 190 / 230 (+ 70% AP) Slow: 25 / 30 / 35 / 40 / 45% Transcendent Bonus: Collecting 60 Splinters of Wrath enhances Force of Will to deal 12% (+ 2% per 100 AP) bonus true damage . Hide Details Info Targeting input Unit / Location Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Magic Counters Spell shield Projectile Blocked Not Blocked The initial cast does not count as an ability activation for the purposes of on-cast effects such as Spellblade and triggering Force Pulse's passive. Detonating the ability manually does. If the ability is not recast within the duration, Syndra will release the unit or Dark Sphere that she is holding. Force of Will does not destroy in-flight projectiles for the minion or monster grabbed. Force of Will cleanses the target minion or monster grabbed from all crowd control . Force of Will prevents non-sphere targets from dying when picking them up. Force of Will cannot grab units that are being Teleported on. Syndra can grab pets , such as Shaco's Jack in the Box . Casting Teleport or Recall will cause Syndra to cancel Force of Will autonomously and drop anything she is holding. Grabbing prioritizes Dark Spheres . Enemy pets that passively have an effect on their surroundings will continue to affect the area around them while they are being held. For example, Annie's Tibbers will continue to inflict burn damage on surrounding units while being held. Grabbing a Dark Sphere will cause the duration on it to refresh, but only on the first cast, not when it is thrown. Force of Will has additional effects when targeting the Blue Sentinel and Red Brambleback . Throwing the former will refund 10 mana to Syndra upon cast and will reduce the cooldown of Force of Will by 1 second, while throwing the latter will apply the Crest of Cinders burn to any affected units in the area of effect . Force of Will's first cast uses a modified icon while it has the Transcendent bonus. Edit Scatter the Weak Scatter the Weak COST: 50 Mana COOLDOWN: 17 CAST TIME: 0. 25 RANGE: 700 / 800 / 1300 COLLISION RADIUS: 70 WIDTH: 120 / 200 ANGLE: 56° / 84° SPEED: 2500 / 2000 Active: Syndra propels a wave of force in a cone in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit and knocks them back for 400 units and up to 800 units away from Syndra based on proximity, though not through terrain. Magic Damage: 75 / 115 / 155 / 195 / 235 (+ 45% AP) Dark Spheres can be knocked back for 950 units and up to 1200 units away from Syndra based on proximity, knocking back enemies they hit over 70 units, though not through terrain. Targets hit are also stunned for 1. 25 seconds, during which they are also revealed , and dealt Scatter the Weak's damage if they were not damaged by the initial cast. Transcendent Bonus: Collecting 80 Splinters of Wrath enhances Scatter the Weak to have an increased scatter angle and slow enemies hit by 70% for 1. 25 seconds starting after the knock back ends or if the target was hit by a pushed Dark Sphere , after the stun has ended. Hide Details Info Targeting input Direction Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Magic Counters Spell shield Projectile Blocked See Notes Scatter the Weak is blocked by the portion of Wind Wall it collides with. Spheres thrown will stop upon colliding with the wall. Spheres spawned at close range of the ability are more likely to be hit. Enemies and spheres will be knocked into the direction directly away from Syndra , and the knock back has no dispersion. Scatter the Weak will knock back Spheres even farther if they are inside terrain, up until they reach open space. If the terrain they're inside in cannot be surpassed, the Spheres will be knocked in the opposite direction. Scatter the Weak will delay the expiration of a Sphere until after it finishes being knocked back. This ability will cast from wherever the caster is at the end of the cast time. Once Scatter the Weak has been learned, an arrow directly in front of every Dark Sphere will appear to signify the direction the sphere will be knocked towards, each one corresponding to Syndra's position. This is only visible to Syndra . Edit Unleashed Power Unleashed Power COST: 100 Mana COOLDOWN: 120 / 100 / 80 CAST TIME: none TARGET RANGE: 675 EFFECT RADIUS: 3000 Passive: Dark Sphere gains ability haste. Ability Haste: 10 / 20 / 30 Active: Syndra enters a 0. 264 seconds cast time, creating 3 Dark Spheres and grabbing up to 4 nearby Dark Spheres that were last spawned. Afterwards, the collected Dark Spheres are barraged at the target enemy champion, each dealing magic damage upon hit. Magic Damage per Sphere: 90 / 130 / 170 (+ 17% AP) Minimum Magic Damage: 270 / 390 / 510 (+ 51% AP) Maximum Magic Damage: 630 / 910 / 1190 (+ 119% AP) The Dark Spheres will then remain on the ground for 6 seconds. Transcendent Bonus: Collecting 100 Splinters of Wrath enhances Unleashed Power to execute the target if it would damage them to below 15% of their maximum health . Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Unit Target out-of-range override Walk in range of the target Damage type Type Sub-type Minion Aggro Spell damage Magic Drawn Counters Spell shield Projectile See Notes Blocked Unleashed Power makes Syndra enter a brief cast time, but the initial cast is completed instantly. If she dies during this cast time, Unleashed Power will still complete the remaining effect. Casting Unleashed Power on a target that becomes untargetable while the spheres are in flight will not destroy them but cause them to deal no damage instead. Spheres already in flight will still travel if Syndra's target dies, but any remaining sphere will not. However, their duration will still get reset. A Dark Sphere summoned very shortly before Unleashed Power will be used as one of the spheres that get thrown. Depending on how many spheres are on the map and how far away the enemy is upon casting Unleashed Power it is possible that Syndra would conjure the sphere behind her as if she was going to throw it, but she won't. Unleashed Power will not add a Sphere that Syndra is holding with Force of Will . Spheres that are being pushed by Scatter the Weak (normally ones that were made late during the push) will not get picked up for Unleashed Power . Spell shield will only block the damage of a single sphere . Map-Specific Differences One for All differences edit Unleashed Power will grab all nearby spheres, regardless of whose they are. The damage is still capped at 7 spheres, which appears to be the first 7 spheres. Additionally spheres will visually collide with the target but deal no damage. Champion skins [ ] This article section only contains champion skins. For all associated collection items, see Syndra (Collection) . Original View in 3D 880 12.09.2012 Syndra is a fearsome Ionian mage with incredible power at her command. As a child, she disturbed the village elders with her reckless and wild magic. She was sent away to be taught greater control, but eventually discovered her supposed mentor was restraining her abilities. Forming her feelings of betrayal and hurt into dark spheres of energy, Syndra has sworn to destroy all who would try to control her. Unknown voice actor Pandart Studio Loot eligible Justicar View in 3D 975 12.09.2012 Chief among the Arclight stand the Justicars, sentinels who serve as living embodiments of justice and order. Syndra embodies knowledge, for what guides the world if not the wisdom of gods? Unknown voice actor Unknown artist Justicar Loot eligible New SFX/VFX Atlantean View in 3D 975 29.04.2014 “The Atlanteans were skilled in magic, we know that much is true. But the extent of their power is truly unfathomable… to this day we cannot know if they persist in some forgotten corner of the world, reanimated by whatever dark thing has taken their once-proud city.” Unknown voice actor Christian Fell Forgotten Depths Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Queen of Diamonds View in 3D 750 20.05.2015 Fourth is the Queen, ever dark and serene, Whose true power lies deeper still. Alone, she could conquer the whole of the earth… And perhaps, in the future, she will. Unknown voice actor Michal Ivan, Sixmorevodka Studio Highstakes Loot eligible Snow Day View in 3D 1350 10.12.2015 Impossibly powerful magic is one way to enter a snowball fight, and Syndra's unshackled abilities spell doom for anyone who hates getting snow in their eyes. Everyone has a lighter side, even the Dark Sovereign. Unknown voice actor Kelly Aleshire Snow Day Loot eligible Legacy New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall SKT T1 View in 3D 1350 27.06.2017 Honoring Faker's winning performance as Syndra during the 2016 World Championship. This is Faker's third World Champion skin, following his wins with SKT at the 2013 and 2015 World Championships. Unknown voice actor Alvin Lee World Champions: 2016 Loot eligible Legacy New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Star Guardian View in 3D 1350 06.09.2017 Feared and admired, Syndra is a formidable Star Guardian from an earlier era, whose history is cloaked in shadow. She acts as an advisor on Ahri's team, but despite her captain's trust, some members suspect there is no price that Syndra won't pay to achieve her personal ambitions. Unknown voice actor Jean 'Curing' Go, Esben Lash Rasmussen, Alex 'alexplank' Flores, Alvin Lee, Pan Chengwei Star Guardian Season 2 Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Star Guardian Syndra Chromas Brilliant Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Pool Party View in 3D 1350 02.07.2020 Now that Syndra's aced all her opponents, it's time for her final test: prevent any rogue volleyballs from hitting her friends. Again. Unknown voice actor West Studio Pool Party Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Pool Party Syndra Chromas Aquamarine Catseye Emerald Pearl Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Withered Rose View in 3D 1350 11.02.2021 Syndra has been shunned from the festival for years over her support of the disgraced Zed. Unable to bear this slight any longer, she is determined to infiltrate the event and poison the very heart of the Crystal Rose itself with her sweetly dripping ichor. Unknown voice actor West Studio Withered Rose Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Withered Rose Syndra Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Bewitching View in 3D 1350 07.10.2021 No celebration would be complete without the March of the Pumpkin Lanterns! Syndra conjures hundreds of great gourds from the sky, their crooked smiles delighting the children below. Unknown voice actor David Villegas, West Studio Bewitching Loot eligible Legacy New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Bewitching Syndra Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Prestige Star Guardian View in 3D Special 28.07.2022 A vision in silk and shadow, Syndra doesn't need hordes of adoring fans (though she has them) nor hundreds of eager ateliers desperate to design for her (though she has those, too), because she is always at the center of her own orbit. Her secret? Starlight never goes out of style. Unknown voice actor Marie Magny, West Studio Star Guardian Season 4 Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall This skin is a variant of Star Guardian . Store variants are discounted for multiple purchases. Spirit Blossom View in 3D 1350 06.10.2022 Children hear stories of the savior of lost souls, the ever-reclusive Spirit of Freedom. One such speaks of a tree that wrapped its roots around a wandering wisp. The wisp struggled alone—until Syndra ripped off the bindings that held it tight, as she would do for all creatures, lest they be lost forever. Unknown voice actor Pan Chengwei Spirit Blossom Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Spirit Blossom Syndra Chromas Catseye Night Blossom Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Coven View in 3D 1350 25.10.2023 They came to Syndra in a thundering flutter of carrion wings, beckoning her to free herself from the limitations of mortals. Following the wings' foul wind to a ritual site, she along with another witch awakened the Horned King from his putrid tomb. She now seeks retribution against all who stand against the Coven or the Old Gods. Unknown voice actor Francis Tneh, West Studio Coven Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Coven Syndra Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Emerald Meteorite Pearl Profane Rose Quartz Ruby Patch history [ ] For the expanded patch notes, see here Trivia [ ] Syndra is the only champion to directly manipulate minions and neutral monsters to deal damage to other champions, moving them around with her abilities. Syndra's spheres appear as red instead of blue when on the opposing team. She is the fourth champion to have team perspective based particles, with the third being Draven , the second being Cassiopeia and the first being Singed . On her Atlantean and Snow Day skins, they appear purple to enemy instead. Using Syndra's Force of Will to hit an enemy unit with the Red Brambleback will apply the debuff on them. Also, if Syndra throws the Blue Sentinel , she will be refunded 10 mana and the ability's cooldown will be lowered by 1 second. Syndra is the third of the dark-themed Ionian Champions. The first two being Shen & Varus , followed by Zed , Jhin , Xayah , & Kayn . Syndra's imprisonment under the Dream Pool shares some similarities with the Arthurian lore about Lady of the Lake ; though Syndra herself is the prisoner, not the jailer. Syndra's dance references the choreography for the song Hoot by Girls' Generation (소녀시대: So Nyeo Shi Dae), a popular Korean girl group. A side-by-side comparison can be seen here . Syndra was the third champion to have a difficulty rating of 100, the first being Cassiopeia , the second being Orianna , and the fourth being Draven . However, her difficulty rating has since fallen to 80. On release, her difficulty rating was 90. Each of Syndra's abilities gain new graphical details when leveled to max rank. For details, see below in her Skin section. Syndra is the second champion speculated to be omnipotent , or nearly so. The first one was Xerath. As seen in this video , Syndra appears to be able to use the balls from another Syndra. The fact that Syndra's Unleashed Power can use up to seven balls is possibly a reference to the Dragon Ball franchise as there are seven Dragon Balls. Syndra is the second of three dark themed champions to have a light themed skin, with Varus being the first and Aatrox being the third. Syndra apparently derives from Proto-Germanic * sundr az ("of/by/for one self"; whence English sunder ), [2] with possible influence from unrelated Greek συνδρομή syndrome . [3] Her brother's name, Evard , likewise combines two Germanic elements īhwaz " yew " & wardaz "guard". [4] See also [ ] League of Legends Wiki | Champions Cancelled Champions Ao Shin Avasha Averdrian CeeCee Cyborg Cowboy Eagle Rider Gavid Husk Iron Engineer Ivan Omen Priscilla Rob Blackblade Seth Tabu Tiki Urf Well References [ ] ↑ Syndra's profile page at LeagueOfLegends.com ↑ Orel, V. A Handbook of Germanic Etymology , pp. 386-7 ↑ Beekes, R.S.P. Etymological Dictionary of Greek , pp. 1038, 354-5 ↑ Orel, V. A Handbook of Germanic Etymology , pp. 448, 204