Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Syndra View in 3D 880 / 12-Sep-2012 Justicar Syndra View in 3D 975 / 12-Sep-2012 Atlantean Syndra View in 3D 975 / 29-Apr-2014 Queen of Diamonds Syndra View in 3D 750 / 20-May-2015 Star Guardian Syndra View in 3D 1350 / 06-Sep-2017 Pool Party Syndra View in 3D 1350 / 02-Jul-2020 Withered Rose Syndra View in 3D 1350 / 11-Feb-2021 Spirit Blossom Syndra View in 3D 1350 / 06-Oct-2022 Coven Syndra View in 3D 1350 / 25-Oct-2023 Coven Syndra Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Emerald Meteorite Pearl Profane Rose Quartz Ruby Pool Party Syndra Chromas Aquamarine Catseye Emerald Pearl Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Spirit Blossom Syndra Chromas Catseye Night Blossom Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Star Guardian Syndra Chromas Brilliant Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Withered Rose Syndra Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Legacy Vault Snow Day Syndra View in 3D 1350 / 10-Dec-2015 SKT T1 Syndra View in 3D 1350 / 27-Jun-2017 Bewitching Syndra View in 3D 1350 / 07-Oct-2021 Bewitching Syndra Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Rare & Limited Prestige Star Guardian Syndra View in 3D Special / 28-Jul-2022 Screenshots [ ] Classic Syndra Justicar Syndra Atlantean Syndra Queen of Diamonds Syndra Classic Syndra (Visual VFX Update) Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 One Question Champions hit with projectiles thrown with Force of Will (W) Orb-ital Bombardment Champions killed with Unleashed Power (R) where 5 or more orbs were used Weakness Scattered Champions stunned by Scatter the Weak (E) M'orbs Champions hit with Dark Sphere (Q) creation at the same time as another enemy Restrained Multiple champions affected by Scatter the Weak (E) Unlimited Power Shards of Power (P) stacks gained from champions Trivia [ ] Original Syndra Her splash art shows her in black clothing with silver accents. In-game, however, her clothes are dark purple with pale gold accents. Her splash art also shows her with no finger sheaths, contradicts her in-game model. Syndra's name and appearance shares some similarities with Sindel from the Mortal Kombat franchise. Her space-manipulating powers and white hairs are similar to those of Ultimecia from Final Fantasy VIII. Her helm is similar to Midna's from The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess . Her helm also looks like the "Mantle of Decorum," Ionia's highest decoration. However, it is placed on her forehead instead of floating behind her head (as a sort of symbol of power), much like a crown. In her earlier designs, she was intended to have a Mantle of Decorum; however, this was most likely removed because it contradicts with established lore: the Mantles of Decorum are reserved only for Ionia's most revered and respected people. This skin has a purple arrow that indicates the direction of Scatter the Weak knockback on her sphere. Transcendent visual effect for abilities with maximum rank: Dark Sphere , Force of Will , and Scatter the Weak have majorly red shockwave and particles, making their visual effect appear magenta in some parts when they overlap with purple particles that are still there. Their visual effects are also more intense and linger a bit longer. Orbiting and summoned Dark Sphere have bolder, more vivid purple outline. Summoned Dark Sphere also emits an intense dark aura. Force of Will leash and projectile trails have red color instead of purple. Scatter the Weak has bigger wave. Spheres knocked away leaves red trail. Unleashed Power gives her orbiting spheres purple trail. Justicar Syndra This skin shares the Justicar theme with: Justicar Aatrox It is possibly a version of Syndra from an alternate history, where she instead embraced her elders' teaching and became a force for good. This theory is based on her warmer color scheme, use of white feathers and golden spheres. Her helmet also resembles the sun, a symbol of divinity, and her spheres contain images that resemble a "Mantle of Decorum." The word "Justicar" means "man of justice" i.e. a judge. As seen here , Justicar Syndra used to show her face. It is also the first light-themed skin for a dark-themed champion. The second being Arclight Varus , and the third being Justicar Aatrox . This skin has a yellow arrow indicator. Transcendent visual effect for abilities with maximum rank: Dark Sphere and Force of Will have additional golden shockwave and lingering golden shimmers. Orbiting and summoned Dark Sphere becomes brighter and have a sigil resembling "Mantle of Decorum". Orbiting spheres also subtly shimmers. Force of Will leash has faint orange overlay. Its impact has an orange dome-shaped shockwave effect. The same dome-shaped effect also appears on enemy hit by the impact. Scatter the Weak has bigger wave but no noticeable change otherwise. Unleashed Power gives her orbiting spheres golden trail. Atlantean Syndra This skin shares the Forgotten Depths theme with: Abyssal Nautilus Atlantean Fizz Coral Reef Malphite Deep One Kassadin Deep Sea Kog'Maw Deep Sea Nami Deep Terror Thresh As seen here , Atlantean Syndra's Dark Sphere seems to have a different vanishing animation if that sphere is used by her other abilities (including spheres left from Unleashed Power ). Unused spheres will promptly disappear in a small 'pop' of water while used spheres seem to splatter. This skin features different walking animations. This skin's orbiting sphere and summoned sphere do not match. Summoned spheres has overlaid flowing water texture while orbiting spheres has only bubbles. This is possibly intentionally done to reduce visual noise. This skin has a blue arrow indicator. Transcendent visual effect for abilities with maximum rank: Dark Sphere and Force of Will have darker blue color. Dark Sphere has additional swirling trail of water during the delay, and blue trail of water that swirls outward in addition of explosion on impact. Summoned Dark Sphere has darker color, its water texture is more blue, and it appears to draw in water particle. Orbiting spheres have no noticeable change. Force of Will leash becomes very opaque and has deep, vivid blue color along with increased number of bubbles. The bubble around grabbed objects also has a second layer of water texture, an has a stream of bubbles orbiting around it. Its impact has a noticeable addition of whirlpool. Scatter the Weak has bigger wave but no noticeable change otherwise. Unleashed Power gives her orbiting spheres blue trail with caustic texture. Queen of Diamonds Syndra This skin shares the Highstakes theme with: Ace of Spades Ezreal Jack of Hearts Twisted Fate King of Clubs Mordekaiser Wild Card Shaco This skin is a reference to the modern French playing cards . " Queen of diamonds " represents Rachel , a Biblical figure and the wife of Jacob . "King of clubs" has natural affinity towards this Queen. This skin has a purple arrow indicator. Transcendent visual effect for abilities with maximum rank is the same as her Original Syndra skin. Snow Day Syndra This skin shares the Snow Day theme with: Snow Day Bard Snow Day Gnar Snow Day Graves Snow Day Malzahar Snow Day Singed Snow Day Ziggs She was released in celebration of Snowdown Showdown 2015 along with: Snow Day Bard Snow Day Gnar She can be seen making a snow sculpture of her classic self in her Recall animation. This skin has a blue arrow indicator. Transcendent visual effect for abilities with maximum rank: Dark Sphere and Force of Will have a dark blue shockwave overlay and their effects appear much more vivid and intense. Summoned Dark Sphere has bolder and brighter blue outline. Orbiting spheres have no noticeable change. Scatter the Weak has bigger wave but no noticeable change in color. Spheres knocked away leaves darker, more vivid blue trail. Unleashed Power gives her orbiting spheres bold, opaque blue trail and causes them to emits light blue aura. SKT T1 Syndra This skin shares the World Champions: 2016 theme with: SKT T1 Ekko SKT T1 Jhin SKT T1 Nami SKT T1 Olaf SKT T1 Zac She was released in celebration of SKT T1 winning the Season 6 World Championship along with: SKT T1 Ekko SKT T1 Jhin SKT T1 Nami SKT T1 Olaf SKT T1 Zac SKT T1 kkOma Ward She represents Faker and is the third World Championship victory skin for him. It was preceded by SKT T1 Ryze . It was preceded even earlier by SKT T1 Zed . The idea for the Recall animation was thought up by Faker himself and displays his signature. A side-by-side comparison can be seen here. This skin has a gleaming golden arrow indicator. Transcendent visual effect for abilities with maximum rank: Dark Sphere , Force of Will , and Scatter the Weak have additional golden particles. Their visual effects are also more intense and linger a bit longer. Dark Sphere and Force of Will has team logo of SKT T1 linger a bit longer on on impact. Their logos also flash a second time in gold. Summoned Dark Sphere have more gold outline and emits gold lightning. Orbiting spheres have no noticeable change. Scatter the Weak has bigger wave with golden tip. Spheres knocked away leave yellow trail instead of blue. Unleashed Power gives her orbiting spheres darker, opaque blue trail that lingers a bit longer. Star Guardian Syndra Chromas: Brilliant,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Star Guardian Season 2 theme with: Pajama Guardian Ezreal Pajama Guardian Miss Fortune Pajama Guardian Soraka Prestige Star Guardian Soraka Star Guardian Ahri Star Guardian Ezreal Star Guardian Miss Fortune Star Guardian Soraka She references the magical girl genre of anime . Her hairstyle, gemstone motif and mysterious personality reference Homura Akemi from Puella Magi Madoka Magica . Although her intentions are unclear, she acts as the adviser to Ahri's team consisting of Ezreal , Miss Fortune , Soraka , and herself. She's accompanied by Multi, a familiar spirit with mitosis-like abilities. They are the embodiment of her unlimited power. They resemble Deviling from Ragnarok Online . This skin has a purple arrow indicator. Transcendent visual effect for abilities with maximum rank: Dark Sphere , Force of Will , and Scatter the Weak have majorly red and hot pink shockwave and particles. They also have black shockwave overlaid and overall effects appear to be darker and more intense. Summoned Dark Sphere have brighter hot pink outline with maximum rank on Dark Sphere . Orbiting spheres do not change with it. Force of Will leash is red and hot pink with intense black. Its stasis bubble has black overlay. Thrown object leaves hot pink trail. Scatter the Weak has bigger wave. Sphere knocked away leaves wavy, hot pink line instead of straight purple line. Unleashed Power gives her orbiting spheres hot pink outline and hot pink trail. Orbiting spheres emits black stars instead of white. Pool Party Syndra Chromas: Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Pearl,  Rainbow,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Pool Party theme with: Pool Party Draven Pool Party Fiora Pool Party Graves Pool Party Leona Pool Party Miss Fortune ...and others Pool Party Orianna Pool Party Renekton Pool Party Sett Pool Party Zoe Pool Party Mundo Her design took some inspiration from Quetzalcoatl one of the main characters in Miss Kobayashi's Dragon Maid . Her spheres are replaced by purple volleyballs. Her spheres always leave a trail regardless of the current rank of Unleashed Power . Its color is seemingly blue, but it can be seen that the trail actually has pink color at its head if the sphere are displace with enough velocity or distance. This skin has a blue arrow indicator. Transcendent visual effect for abilities with maximum rank: Dark Sphere and Force of Will have additional pink particle. Dark Sphere has blue circle with watery motif, and pink sigil upon impact. Force of Will leash has additional watery texture and is overall brighter. Its stasis becomes much brighter blue and grabbed object leaves much more vivid pink and blue trail. Its impact has noticeably darker water, with addition of sand shockwave. Scatter the Weak has bigger wave and more seashells but no noticeable change otherwise. Unleashed Power replace her orbiting spheres' trail pink with much more noticeable bright rose pink. Withered Rose Syndra Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the Withered Rose theme with: Withered Rose Elise Withered Rose Talon Withered Rose Zeri Bewitching Syndra Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the Bewitching theme with: Bewitching Fiora Bewitching LeBlanc Bewitching Miss Fortune Bewitching Neeko Bewitching Nidalee ...and others Bewitching Poppy Bewitching Senna Bewitching Yuumi Prestige Bewitching Miss Fortune Prestige Bewitching Miss Fortune (2022) Prestige Star Guardian Syndra This skin shares the Star Guardian Season 4 theme with: Prestige Star Guardian Ekko Redeemed Star Guardian Xayah Star Guardian Akali Star Guardian Ekko Star Guardian Kai'Sa ...and others Star Guardian Nilah Star Guardian Orianna Star Guardian Senna Star Guardian Taliyah Star Nemesis Fiddlesticks Spirit Blossom Syndra Chromas: Catseye,  Night Blossom,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Spirit Blossom theme with: Prestige Spirit Blossom Teemo Spirit Blossom Ahri Spirit Blossom Darius Spirit Blossom Evelynn Spirit Blossom Kindred ...and others Spirit Blossom Sett Spirit Blossom Teemo Spirit Blossom Thresh Spirit Blossom Yone Spirit Blossom Yorick She represents the Spirit of Freedom in Spirit Blossom festivals. Coven Syndra Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Meteorite,  Pearl,  Profane,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Coven theme with: Coven Akali Coven Camille Coven Evelynn Coven LeBlanc Coven Zyra ...and others Old God Ivern Old God Warwick Prestige Coven Akali Prestige Coven LeBlanc Prestige Coven Zyra References [ ]