Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Taliyah View in 3D 975 / 17-May-2016 Freljord Taliyah View in 3D 1350 / 17-May-2016 Pool Party Taliyah View in 3D 1350 / 02-Jul-2020 Star Guardian Taliyah View in 3D 1350 / 28-Jul-2022 Pool Party Taliyah Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Peridot Rose Quartz Ruby Turquoise Star Guardian Taliyah Chromas Amethyst Brilliant Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Legacy Vault SSG Taliyah View in 3D 1350 / 20-Jul-2018 Rare & Limited Crystalis Motus Taliyah View in 3D Special / 13-Sep-2023 Crystalis Motus Taliyah Chromas Reclaimed Screenshots [ ] Classic Taliyah Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Another Rock Champions hit with all 5 missiles of a single Threaded Volley (Q) Ground and Pound Champions Knocked into Unraveled Earth (E) stones by Seismic Shove (W) Hanging Ten Time spent Rock Surfing (P) Difficult Terrain Multiple champions hit by Unravelled Earth (E) Surf's Up! Takedowns within 10s of casting or dismounting Weaver's Wall (R) Throw a Bigger Rock Champions hit with empowered Threaded Volley (Q) boulders Trivia [ ] Original Taliyah The scene depicted in her splash art has her Rock Surfing on her Weaver's Wall . She may have been inspired by Toph Beifong from Avatar: The Last Airbender and Terra from Teen Titans . Her outfit might have been inspired by the wings of Isis , an Egyptian goddess & patroness to nature, magic, family, workers, slaves, etc. Freljord Taliyah This skin shares the Freljord theme with: Freljord Ashe Freljord Rammus Freljord Sylas Frost Queen Janna Frosted Ezreal Tundra Hunter Warwick Freljord Taliyah references the time she spent in the Freljord before returning to Shurima . However, due to the drastically different visuals of her design compared to her Original Taliyah design, it is only a nod to her canonical lore. The icy particles may have been inspired by Katara from Avatar: The Last Airbender . The reindeer reference her tribe's background as shepherds. They might also be referencing Elsa from Frozen . SSG Taliyah This skin shares the World Champions: 2017 theme with: SSG Ezreal SSG Gnar SSG Jarvan IV SSG Rakan SSG Xayah She was released in celebration of SSG winning the Season 2017 World Championship along with: SSG Ezreal SSG Gnar SSG Jarvan IV SSG Rakan SSG Xayah She represents Crown . The idea for the Recall animation was thought up by Crown himself and displays his signature. A side-by-side comparison can be seen here . She is inspired by Hong Gildong or "Korean Robin Hood", who weaves the kind of marble you'd see in ancient palaces. [1] Pool Party Taliyah Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Peridot,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Turquoise This skin shares the Pool Party theme with: Pool Party Draven Pool Party Fiora Pool Party Graves Pool Party Leona Pool Party Miss Fortune ...and others Pool Party Orianna Pool Party Renekton Pool Party Sett Pool Party Zoe Pool Party Mundo When her passive is active, she surfs on top of an actual surfboard. "Get pitted" refers to a famous funny surfer interview . Star Guardian Taliyah Chromas: Amethyst,  Brilliant,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Star Guardian Season 4 theme with: Prestige Star Guardian Ekko Prestige Star Guardian Syndra Redeemed Star Guardian Xayah Star Guardian Akali Star Guardian Ekko ...and others Star Guardian Kai'Sa Star Guardian Nilah Star Guardian Orianna Star Guardian Senna Star Nemesis Fiddlesticks She references the magical girl genre of anime . References [ ] ↑ SSG Taliyah reference