Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Taric View in 3D 585 / 18-Aug-2009 Armor of the Fifth Age Taric View in 3D 750 / 08-Apr-2010 Bloodstone Taric View in 3D 975 / 09-Aug-2011 Pool Party Taric View in 3D 1350 / 13-Jul-2016 Taric Luminshield View in 3D 1350 / 19-Mar-2020 Space Groove Taric View in 3D 1350 / 17-Nov-2022 Pool Party Taric Chromas Catseye Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Space Groove Taric Chromas Catseye Emerald Obsidian Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Taric Luminshield Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Obsidian Pearl Peridot Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Legacy Vault Emerald Taric View in 3D 520 / 20-Nov-2009 Screenshots [ ] Classic Taric (Full Relaunch) Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Dazzling Disables Multiple (2+) champion stuns with Dazzle (E) Radiant Presence Takedowns against champions within 5s by allies that were affected by Cosmic Radiance (R) The Touch Healing from Starlight's Touch (Q) Beautiful Beating Magic damage to champions with Bravado (P) Brilliant Bastion Champion damage prevented with Bastion (W) shields We're Dazzling Champions stunned by a tethered ally's Dazzle (E) Trivia [ ] Original Taric He was inspired by Fabio Lanzoni . His outfit was inspired by light blue gemstones such as Aquamarine and Sapphire . He also shares a resemblance to Vanilla Ice from JoJo's Bizarre Adventure . His login theme also takes some inspiration from Superman . Original Taric In V1.0.0.116 , Taric's splash art was updated and was slightly altered in V1.0.0.119 . His very first splash art was directly tweaked for the first splash art of his Emerald skin. The first splash art for his Armor of the Fifth Age skin also seems to have borrowed the pose from his first classic splash art. Emerald Taric This skin shares the Elderwood theme with: Elderwood Ahri Elderwood Azir Elderwood Bard Elderwood Hecarim Elderwood LeBlanc ...and others Elderwood Rek'Sai Elderwood Wukong Elderwood Xayah Old God Ivern Old God Warwick His outfit was inspired by the eponymous green gemstone . He was inspired by Wood-elves from The Lord of the Rings ' mythology by J. R. R. Tolkien . He resembles Thranduil . He is healing Elderwood Hecarim . [1] Armor of the Fifth Age Taric This skin shares the Demacia Vice theme with: Demacia Vice Garen Demacia Vice Lucian Neon Strike Vi Debonair Ezreal , Arcade Miss Fortune , DJ Sona , and Riot Girl Tristana (with his old artwork on her phone's screen) can be seen around him. His facial expression might be referencing Tyler Breeze's . His outfit was inspired by the Rose quartz . It references a suit of Crystalforge Armor from World of Warcraft that player 'Fanatik' photoshopped. Bloodstone Taric This skin shares the Bloodstone theme with: Blood Knight Hecarim Blood Lord Vladimir Bloodfury Renekton Bloodstone Lissandra Dark Crystal Ryze Nightraven Fiora His outfit was inspired by the eponymous gemstone. The stone on his chest itself resembles the Mana crystals growing on the Wretched from World of Warcraft as well as the Philosopher's Stone from Fullmetal Alchemist . Pool Party Taric Chromas: Catseye,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz This skin shares the Pool Party theme with: Pool Party Draven Pool Party Fiora Pool Party Graves Pool Party Leona Pool Party Miss Fortune ...and others Pool Party Orianna Pool Party Renekton Pool Party Sett Pool Party Zoe Pool Party Mundo The location resembles Miami Beach, Florida . In his splash art, Braum , Ezreal , and Darius in their Pool Party attire along with, Pool Party Fiora , Pool Party Lulu , Pool Party Miss Fortune , Pool Party Zac , and A plane holding a banner of Pool Party Draven can be seen in the background. Taric Luminshield Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Peridot,  Rainbow,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Rift Quest theme with: Bard Bard Braum Lionheart Demolisher Nunu & Willump Gragas Caskbreaker Lord Darius ...and others Rageborn Mundo Rugged Garen Ryze Whitebeard Sejuani Dawnchaser Twitch Shadowfoot He was released along with: Talon Blackwood Twitch Shadowfoot Gragas Caskbreaker and Sejuani Dawnchaser can be seen in the background. Space Groove Taric Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Rainbow,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the Space Groove theme with: Prestige Space Groove Lulu Space Groove Blitz & Crank Space Groove Gragas Space Groove Gwen Space Groove Lulu ...and others Space Groove Lux Space Groove Nasus Space Groove Nunu & Willump Space Groove Samira Space Groove Teemo References [ ] ↑ Nikki 'Sweet' Galvan's Twitter References [ ]