Tear of the Goddess edit Stats +240 mana Passive Unique – Manaflow : Grants a charge every 8 seconds, up to 4 charges. Affecting an enemy or ally with an ability consumes a charge to grant 3 bonus mana , increased to 6 if they are a champion, up to maximum of 360 bonus mana . Basic attacks deal 5 bonus physical damage on-hit against minions . Limitations Limited to 1 Manaflow item. Recipe Cost Sell ID 400 280 3070 Availability SR 5v5 HA ARAM Nexus Blitz Builds into Archangel's Staff Manamune Winter's Approach Menu Marksman Mage Mana & Regeneration Tear of the Goddess is a starter item in League of Legends . Builds Into Archangel's Staff Manamune Winter's Approach Cost Analysis Gold Value 240 mana = 336 Total Gold Value = 336 Gold Value per stack (non-champion) 3 mana = 4. 2 Gold Value per stack (champion) 6 mana = 8. 4 Fully Stacked Gold Value 360 mana = 504 Total Gold Value = 840 Gold efficiency Tear of the Goddess' base stats are 84% gold efficient. Tear of the Goddess' gold efficiency due to Manaflow is increased by 1. 05 % for each charge gained from non-champions, further increased by 2. 1 % for each charge gained from champions. Tear of the Goddess becomes 100% gold efficient at 46 bonus mana from Manaflow . Tear of the Goddess is 210% gold efficient while at maximum stacks of Manaflow . Similar items Doran's Ring Guardian's Orb Notes The user preserves their current mana whenever they increase their maximum mana from consuming charges of Manaflow . Manaless champions cannot trigger Manaflow . Summoning pets also triggers Manaflow . Selling a Manaflow item removes the bonus mana gained from the effect but retains the stacks if these items are bought again, regardless of which item generated the stacks. Map-Specific Differences Howling Abyss differences edit Each charge consumed generates 50% more mana. One for All differences edit Each charge consumed generates 50% more mana. Nexus Blitz differences edit Each charge consumed generates 50% more mana. Strategy Tear of the Goddess is an ideal item for mana champions with low cooldown abilities such as Ryze , Karthus , Ezreal , Kog'Maw and Nidalee . It combines excellently with champions with spammable low-cost abilities that constantly deal damage (e.g. Singed's Poison Trail or Karthus' Lay Waste ), ideally fully charging it before 15 minutes. Old icons 1st version Background Few are fortunate enough to come across the tears of the very goddess who created our world... but those who are lucky enough to acquire a Tear of the Goddess may take pleasure in a significant boost of mana points and mana points regeneration. Trivia Assuming a charge is gained every 8 seconds, the 360 mana charge maxing takes 16 minutes, reduced to 8 minutes if hitting champions. The Quick Charge version was also used on the Crystal Scar during Rotating Game Modes . Pentakill's second volume, Pentakill II: Grasp of the Undying , named its third track after this item. This item was featured in Warriors . 