Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Teemo View in 3D 585 / 21-Feb-2009 Astronaut Teemo View in 3D 1350 / 27-Oct-2010 Cottontail Teemo View in 3D 975 / 18-Apr-2011 Super Teemo View in 3D 975 / 10-Oct-2011 Panda Teemo View in 3D 975 / 09-Jul-2012 Omega Squad Teemo View in 3D 1820 / 08-Apr-2015 Beemo View in 3D 1350 / 01-May-2018 Spirit Blossom Teemo View in 3D 1350 / 22-Jul-2020 Space Groove Teemo View in 3D 1820 / 17-Nov-2022 Astronaut Teemo Chromas Chrono Beemo Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Obsidian Peridot Rose Quartz Ruby Cottontail Teemo Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Rose Quartz Speckled Turquoise Omega Squad Teemo Chromas Obsidian Pearl Sandstone Space Groove Teemo Chromas Catseye Obsidian Peridot Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Legacy Vault Happy Elf Teemo View in 3D 520 / 17-Dec-2009 Recon Teemo View in 3D 520 / 17-Dec-2009 Badger Teemo View in 3D 520 / 13-Jan-2010 Little Devil Teemo View in 3D 1350 / 19-Oct-2016 Firecracker Teemo View in 3D 1350 / 26-Jan-2022 Firecracker Teemo Chromas Citrine Emerald Golden Tiger Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Little Devil Teemo Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Turquoise Rare & Limited Prestige Spirit Blossom Teemo View in 3D Special / 22-Jul-2020 Screenshots [ ] Panda Teemo Omega Squad Teemo Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Blinded by Hate Attacks missed by champions due to Blinding Dart (Q) Shrooms Tripped Champions hit with Noxious Trap (R) The Fade Away Champions killed by a tick of poison from Toxic Shot (EP) Crouching Teemo, Hidden Critter Takedowns within 10s of exiting stealth from Guerrilla Warfare (P) Lil Scamp Time spent with Move Quick (W) while in champion combat Toxic Personality Damage to champions with poisons applied with Toxic Shot (E) and Noxious Trap (R) Trivia [ ] Original Teemo Several Noxious Traps were planted by him in the background. His very first splash art was directly tweaked for the first splash art of his Recon skin. Happy Elf Teemo This skin shares the Snowdown Showdown theme with: Candy Cane Miss Fortune Festive Maokai Mistletoe LeBlanc Nutcracko Re-Gifted Amumu ...and others Santa Braum Santa Draven Santa Gragas Snow Bunny Nidalee Workshop Nunu & Willump He was released in celebration of Snowdown Showdown 2009 along with: Snow Bunny Nidalee Workshop Nunu & Willump Earnest Elf Tristana Old Saint Zilean He is dressed like a Christmas elf . Santa Gragas riding a sleigh led by Reindeer Kog'Maw , and a snowman shaped like pre- rework Urgot can be seen in the background. Recon Teemo This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali He is on a reconnaisance mission. Badger Teemo This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali He references Badgers by Weebl . Astronaut Teemo Chromas: Chrono This skin shares the Astronauts theme with: Astronaut Bard Astronaut Corki Astronaut Fizz Astronaut Ivern Astronaut Kennen ...and others Astronaut Maokai Astronaut Poppy Astronaut Singed Astronaut Xerath AstroNautilus His blowgun becomes a laser gun (therefore Blinding Dart becomes a laser beam). Noxious Trap becomes a parabolic antenna . He walks as if in low gravity and sounds as if talking through a radio channel. His bio references the song Rocket Man by Elton John. Riot created an Adobe Flash minigame dedicated for him called Astro Teemo for April Fools' Day 2013 . It was unlocked by playing to a certain point in Cho'Gath Eats the World , another minigame released on the same date. Cottontail Teemo Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Rose Quartz,  Speckled,  Turquoise This skin shares the Cottontail theme with: Cottontail Fizz He was released in celebration of Easter 2011 . He references the epoynmous rabbits and/or Peter Cottontail . He hops when walking and his taunt is globally heard in-game. Noxious Trap becomes an Easter egg . Super Teemo This skin shares the Silver Age theme with: Augmented Singed Bioforge Darius Chemtech Tryndamere Cryocore Brand Deadly Kennen ...and others Feral Warwick Phoenix Quinn Rocket Girl Tristana Super Kennen Toxic Dr. Mundo He references Superman from DC Comics . Noxious Trap becomes a shield with an emblazoned T. When using Move Quick , the classic superhero tune plays and he flies for the duration. Bandle City can be seen in the background. Panda Teemo This skin shares the Wonders of the World theme with: Bear Cavalry Sejuani Dynasty Ahri Masked Shaco Oktoberfest Gragas Outback Renekton ...and others Sultan Tryndamere Uncle Ryze Viking Tryndamere Vizier Malzahar Winged Hussar Xin Zhao He was released in celebration of Dragon Boat Festival 2012 . Noxious Trap becomes a Zongzi , a sticky rice dumpling that is traditionally eaten during Dragon Boat Festival, while his blowgun becomes a piece of bamboo decorated with a Chinese knotting . In the now-removed official League of Legends forums , a crop of his splash art was used to represent the "Art and Audio Feedback" section. Omega Squad Teemo Chromas: Obsidian,  Pearl,  Sandstone This skin shares the Omega Squad theme with: Omega Squad Fizz Omega Squad Tristana Omega Squad Twitch Omega Squad Veigar His pre-mental meltdown self can be seen in the other Omega Squad splash arts. He is from an alternate future in which he suffered a mental breakdown after constant exposure to war. As a result, he is now a remorseless killing machine belonging to the all-Yordle Omega Squad. His promo page features his helmet and gloves surrounded by several trophies he has collected while serving in the Omega Squad. They include: Alien Invader Heimerdinger's portrait and wrench Sailor Gangplank's cutlass and outfit Matador Alistar's nose ring and outfit Special Forces Gangplank's pistol Red Baron Corki's helmet Red Riding Annie's outfit and hanged Tibbers Surprise Party Fiddlesticks' outfit and body parts Helmet Bro's helmet Firefighter Tristana's helmet Scuba Gragas' outfit Toxic Dr. Mundo's syringe and outfit Safari Caitlyn's sniper rifle Shamrock Malphite's body parts Olaf's axes Pharaoh Amumu's portrait and outfit Crimson Akali's portrait Caterpillar Kog'Maw's body parts Gnar's headdress Zyra's thorns Ziggs' bomb Champion Mastery badges Many of the skins these trophies belong to went on sale before he was released. His helmet was inspired by the Brotherhood of Steel's from Fallout and the Helghast Trooper's from Killzone . Blinding Dart becomes the knife he holds when running or idle. Guerrilla Warfare's stealth stance references Sam Fisher in Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory . Noxious Trap becomes a type of explosive grenade filled with poison. His dance emote has him doing pull ups on his stretched blowgun. His joke references Wilson from Cast Away . This is one of the few times Teemo has had his eyes (or at least one eye) open. Little Devil Teemo Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Turquoise This skin shares the Demonic theme with: Demon Vi Gatekeeper Galio Little Demon Tristana Little Devil Fizz Bewitching Morgana and Bewitching Tristana summon Little Devil Teemo from the Demonic universe. Gatekeeper Galio , Little Demon Tristana , and Demon Vi are some of his underlings. He was released in celebration of Harrowing 2016 along with: Bewitching Morgana Bewitching Tristana He is the realization of the meme and perception that he is an evil individual akin to a demonic figure (specifically Satan ). He features as Devil Teemo in the 2016 version of the Doom Bots Featured game mode . His Recall and Death animations reveal that his eyes are yellow with black pupils in this skin. In Teamfight Tactics Set 5, the symbol of the Hellion trait was based on his face. Beemo Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Obsidian,  Peridot,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Bees! theme with: Bee'Koz Bee'Maw Beekeeper Singed Beezahar Beezcrank ...and others BZZZiggs King Beegar Nunu & Beelump Orbeeanna Yuubee Beekeeper Singed can be seen the background of his splash art, on top of the cliff. A figure resembling Captain Volibear can be seen tripping on a triggered Noxious Trap and falling in the lake behind him. This skin was released in patch V8.9 , despite it not going through any initial PBE testing. His skin bio is a direct reference to an opening phrase from Prince Hamlet : "To be, or not to be, that is the question." His Noxious Trap is a beehive that unleashes a swarm of bees upon detonation. The chroma variants change the color of his suit and flowers upon Recall . Amethyst's flower has rainbow petals. Obsidian's suit resembles the Pokémon, Butterfree. Peridot's suit resembles a caterpillar. Rose Quartz's flower resembles an Oxeye Daisy. Ruby's suit resembles a ladybug and the flower a sunflower. Spirit Blossom Teemo This skin shares the Spirit Blossom theme with: Prestige Spirit Blossom Teemo Spirit Blossom Ahri Spirit Blossom Aphelios Spirit Blossom Darius Spirit Blossom Evelynn ...and others Spirit Blossom Kindred Spirit Blossom Sett Spirit Blossom Thresh Spirit Blossom Yone Spirit Blossom Yorick He represents the Spirit of Nature in the Spirit Blossom festival. He resembles a tanuki . Prestige Spirit Blossom Teemo This skin shares the Spirit Blossom theme with: Spirit Blossom Ahri Spirit Blossom Aphelios Spirit Blossom Darius Spirit Blossom Evelynn Spirit Blossom Kindred ...and others Spirit Blossom Sett Spirit Blossom Teemo Spirit Blossom Thresh Spirit Blossom Yone Spirit Blossom Yorick Firecracker Teemo Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Golden Tiger,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Lunar Revel: Firecracker theme with: Dragonwing Corki Firecracker Diana Firecracker Jinx Firecracker Sejuani Firecracker Sett ...and others Firecracker Vayne Firecracker Xin Zhao Panda Annie Prestige Firecracker Vayne Prestige Firecracker Vayne (2022) His Noxious Trap becomes a spicy, explosive dumpling. Firecracker Tristana is seen with him. His appearance is inspired by the Japanese Maneki-Neko or the beckoning cat which also includes carrying a gold coin which in Teemo’s case, he fashions it on his forehead. The coin on forehead accessory could be a reference to the Pokémon Meowth that share the same origin. His Chromas change his race/breed: Citrine is a Yellow Tabby. Emerald is a Tanooki. Golden Tiger is a Golden Tabby Tiger. Obsidian is a Black Panda. Pearl is a Siamese Cat. Rose Quartz is a similar type but with rosy cheeks. Ruby is a red fox. Sapphire is a Shina Inu. Tanzanite is a Common Raccoon dog. Space Groove Teemo Chromas: Catseye,  Obsidian,  Peridot,  Rainbow,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Space Groove theme with: Prestige Space Groove Lulu Space Groove Blitz & Crank Space Groove Gragas Space Groove Gwen Space Groove Lissandra ...and others Space Groove Lulu Space Groove Lux Space Groove Nasus Space Groove Nunu & Willump Space Groove Samira References [ ]