There are Teamfight Tactics terms that are used in and outside the game, with some terms being used to simplify and facilitate rapid communication. This is a list of these terms and their definitions. Please contribute to the page by adding more terms and definitions alphabetically. These terms are mostly used in the English language. Contents: A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z A [ ] Ability Short for Special Ability. An ability/spell that a player can cast when it reaches full mana, or a passive effect that does not cost mana. For the list of abilities, visit list of champions . ABAB ABABA A description for the in-game matchmaking, such that the player have to fight against 2 players continiously. This suppose to be a fix for the previous matchmaking, that force a player fight with one player continously. Abyssal Mask A bug in the game. After a player disconect, they would view all of their items as Abyssal Mask visually. AP Short for Ability Power . A stat for champions . Arena Each player controls an arena island. For more information, visit Arena . Arena skins. They change appearance of the arena island of the player. Currently, they are only battle pass rewards. ASol Aurelion Sol B [ ] Bench The area where player store champions before move to the battlefield. Item Bench. Rarely used. The area where player store items before equipping them on champions. Beyblade Kata Strategy that involves building a lot of starting mana item on Katarina . It allows her to cast her ability at the very beginning of each round to have the most damage output while enemies are still grouped. It also allows her to avoid spells, removing her channeling weakness. BotRK Blade of the Ruined King Bow Recurve Bow Box Out Originally used in basketball. To prevent an opposing player from grabbing during Carousel rounds by using unit collisions. BT Bloodthirster Buff The benefits from traits. (Patch) An official modification to the game mechanics which makes something more powerful, as opposed to a "nerf". Bug A defect in the mechanics of the game that is not intended. Build Usually with a champion name as a prefix. A combination of items recommended to put on a champion. A combination of champions following a Strategy. It can focus on some champions specifically, or a Synergy. Synonym to Comp. C [ ] Carousel The round/area where player picks champion and items in a shared pool. See more at Carousel (Teamfight Tactics) Carry A strong champion that can allow a player to win the game. It is a mix between a champion type and another word for strong meta champions. Examples: Aurelion Sol , Draven , Jinx , Karthus in set 1. Cho Cho'Gath Chosen Chosen champions are a feature in Set 4. They gain bonus stat, and have one of its trait counted twice. Class A type of trait. A classifier for champions. Share class champions will gain benefit depend on how many of them on the field. For more, visit synergy . Class is available for Set 1 and Set 2. Cloak Negatron Cloak Shroud of Stillness looks like a cloak. Quicksilver looks like a cloak. Comp A combination of champions following a Strategy. It can focus on some champions specifically, or a Synergy. Synonym to Build. Counter A build counters another when the former build is specifically strong against the later. For example, Dragon champions counter Sorcerer build because they have high resistance to magic damage. Another example is Yordles having lower chance of getting hit by units, thus avoiding the stuns from Glacials . Convergence The map of the player arena, as well as the Carousel . D [ ] Dragon Dragon in Set 1, Elemental Drakes in Set 2, and Elder Dragon in Set 1 and 2. Dragon trait in Set 1. Dragon little legends: Ao Shin , Choncc and Umbra . Dragon champions: Aurelion Sol and Shyvana . E [ ] Econ Economy Strategy A late-game strategy in Teamfight Tactics . A player restricts their spending, up to 50 gold for the maximum gold interest (+5). Then the money is spent on leveling up. Getting to higher levels early, and with a lot of gold, allowing the player to gain access to high tier champions with less competition from other players. This strategy is opposite to Hyper Rolling. Egg A shop item in Hextech Crafting . Players open them to unlock Little Legends . Element A type of trait. A classifier for champions. Share element champions will gain benefit depend on how many of them on the field. For more, visit synergy . Element was available for Set 1. Element of the Game A game mechanic in Set 2. Each Teamfight Tactics game feature an element: Inferno, Mountain, Ocean or Wind. The element can affect some gameplay elements like Champions, Monsters and Element Hex. Element Hex A game mechanic in Set 2. Player arena may have some special hex enchanted with elemental magic. Placing units in an Element Hex will grants them special effect. The effect costs the champion one item slot. Exp XP Experience Point . F [ ] FoN Force of Nature G [ ] GA Guardian Angel Ghost Army Copy When there are odd number of player left, a player will play with a copy of an enemy team. If the player lose, they take damage. Otherwise, the enemy team does not take damage. GP Gangplank Guinsoo Guinsoo's Rageblade H [ ] Hypercarry A champion that is very strong, usually at the end of the game. They are usually damage oriented. Hyper Rolling An early-game strategy in Teamfight Tactics . A player keeps rerolling champions in the early rounds in order to gain 3-star low tier champions, which can dramatically influence fights. This strategy works best in a small pool to reroll, but later game expansions will inevitably make this inefficient. This strategy is opposite to Economy Strategy. High Roll Get very lucky in rolling. K [ ] Kai'Sa A bug that makes a player stuck in the drafting phase, which is usually not visible. In that, the player sees that all 8 players are controlling the champion Kai'Sa in the League of Legends game. Kat Kata Katarina Krusty Krusty (or "doing a Krusty") is using a strategy that relies on being very lucky. Originally created because "Krusty the Clown" from the animated television series "The Simpsons" has a gambling addiction. L [ ] LL Short for Little Legends . Low Roll Get very unlucky in rolling. LP League Points, a score use to determine the player rank in rank games. M [ ] Mana The total mana a champion need to have to cast their ability. The initial mana amount a champion have at the begin of a round. To differentiate this, the wiki use Starting Mana for this concept. Mana-lock The time a champion takes to start generating mana again after casting a spell, mostly to prevent low-mana champions from spamming their spells with Blue Buff (Teamfight Tactics) Matchmaking Matching A system to match players in the same game to compete each other in a PvP round. A system to match players into one game. Meta Metagame The game's current effective play style, consisting of item picking priority, champion build, picking strategies. MF Miss Fortune Mine Gain gold from interest. Used in mission description. Mord Morde Mordekaiser Morg Morgana Morello Morellonomicon MR Short for magic resistance. A stat for champions . N [ ] Nerf An official modification to the game mechanics which makes something less powerful, as opposed to a "buff". Nid Nida Nidalee O [ ] OP Overpowered. Open Forting A version of Econonomy Strategy. In which the player try to lose on purpose in early PvP fights. This allow the player to have a stable gold income from lose streak, as well as first pick in Carousel rounds. This strategy is better when player damage is low early, and if you gain a significant of gold from the minion rounds. Origin A type of trait. A classifier for champions. Share origin champions will gain benefit depend on how many of them on the field. For more, visit synergy . Origin was available for Set 1. Overtime A feature that buffs champion damage, allow less draw rounds. P [ ] PBE Public Beta Environment , a testing realm for upcoming content. Positioning How a player places their champions on the field. It is important because it affects strategies. For example, interacting with surrounding buffs (e.g. Zeke's Herald ), considering which unit take the most damage, how many enemies can access a champion, how many enemies can a champion access, etc... Pivot Transition Dropping a current build to change to a different one. This can be a change from an early game build to a late game build. Or because there are too many players using the current build. PvP A type of round. In these rounds, players are paired and their champions will compete. PvE A type of round. In these rounds, players have to fight monsters to gain mystery boxes. Inside each box can be champions, gold or items. R [ ] Rageblade Guinsoo's Rageblade RFC Rapid Firecannon Rise of the Elements The name of set 2, as well as the preseason changes for set 2. Runaan Runaans Runaan's Hurricane S [ ] Sej Sejuani Set For each period of time, Teamfight Tactics will have a diffrent pool of champions and items. Sometimes, new set also introduces new mechanics. Sin A fun way to call Assassin . More commonly used as Void Sin, a build around Void and Assassin Shifter Shapeshifter Shiv Statikk Shiv Shyv Shyvana Sorc Sorcerer Spell The special ability a champion have. Synonym to Ability, Ultimate. Splashable A champion is splashable if it can fit in a lot of builds. This word comes from Trading Card Games. Stage A group of rounds, indicated in the Stage Tracker UI. The first stage has 3 rounds. Others have 6 rounds. Synergy Usually have a Trait name as a prefix. A team build that focus on completing a specific Trait. The buff benefit from building a Trait. Synonym to buff. T [ ] TF Twisted Fate TFT Teamfight Tactics Transition Pivot Dropping a current build to change to a different one. This can be a change from an early game build to a late game build. Or because there are too many players using the current build. Trait The common name for all Synergies (currently Class, Element and Origin). A classifier for champions. Share trait champions will gain benefits depend on how many of them on the field. For more, visit synergy . Tree Usually have a trait name as a Prefix. Trait tree graph, seen as possible alternate strategies for the player to adapt when build that trait. Useful for seeing complimentary traits, as well as good traits to transition. U [ ] Ult Ulti Ultimate The special ability a champion have. This name come from the original game mode, where the last of the four ability a champion have is called Ultimate. Synonym to Ability, Spell. X Unit Trait X is a number. Used in a mission description in Beta Pass 2. A synergy requires 6 units. V [ ] Vest Chain Vest Voli Volibear W [ ] Warmog Warmog's Armor X [ ] XP Exp Experience Point