Navigation mesh defines navigation boundaries. Terrain refers to an area of a map that is impassible for units to navigate by normal travel. Most units are unable to stand in or path through the areas, though they will attempt as much of the path as possible when ordered. Terrain normally obstructs sight , so that units cannot see inside or past terrain. Some terrain may selectively allow passage, as with base gates that allow allied units to cross. Brush is often located next to terrain. Contents 1 Terrain Generation 1.1 Map-Generated 1.2 Player-Generated 2 Special Interactions with Terrain 2.1 Attaching to Terrain 2.2 Blocked/Stopped by Terrain 2.3 Paths around Terrain 2.4 Range Extended by Terrain 2.5 Other Interactions Terrain Generation [ ] Terrain can be map-generated or player-generated. Map-Generated [ ] Base gate Map Mountainous Rift Player-Generated [ ] Anivia's Crystallize's wall of ice. Azir's Emperor's Divide's wall of soldiers is impassable to enemies, but not allies. Jarvan IV's Cataclysm's ring of earth. Ornn's Volcanic Rupture's magma pillar of earth. Taliyah's Weaver's Wall's wall of rocks. Trundle's Pillar of Ice's pillar of ice. Yorick's Dark Procession's ring of spirits is impassable to enemies, but not allies. Player-Generated Terrain is based on spawning units and may behave differently for some interactions than the more permanent map terrain. Special Interactions with Terrain [ ] Some abilities appear to attach to terrain, by changing the target to the closest predetermined anchor point once the ability hits terrain. Some abilities cannot pass through terrain. Some abilities have effects that will path around terrain to the target location. Attaching to Terrain [ ] Akshan's Heroic Swing Camille's Hookshot Illaoi's Prophet of an Elder God Nautilus' Dredge Line Blocked/Stopped by Terrain [ ] Main article: Dash#Dashes that can't bypass terrain Lillia's Swirlseed Urgot's Disdain Vayne's Tumble Hextech Rocketbelt Paths around Terrain [ ] Elise's Volatile Spiderling Kled's Chaaaaaaaarge!!! Range Extended by Terrain [ ] If an ability would place a unit that cannot stand in terrain, inside of terrain, the unit will instead affect a nearby location that is not inside terrain. This location can either be: the closest location to the target location that is not inside terrain, the location immediately before the terrain in the target direction or toward the target location, or the location immediately after the terrain in the target direction or toward the target location. Terrain can be used to extend the range of some abilities using this feature. Most dashes can be range extended by terrain if they can travel at least halfway through the terrain unless specifically noted that they cannot pass through terrain. Azir's Conquering Sands K'Sante's All Out Syndra's Scatter the Weak Zeri's Ultrashock Laser Zoe's Sleepy Trouble Bubble Some abilities indicate interaction with terrain. Other Interactions [ ] Akshan's Going Rogue Bard's Cosmic Binding and Magical Journey Gnar's GNAR! Kayn's Shadow Step Ornn's Searing Charge Poppy's Heroic Charge Qiyana's Terrashape and Supreme Display of Talent Taliyah's Rock Surfing Talon's Assassin's Path Vayne's Condemn Viego's Harrowed Path Mountainous Rift Infernal Rift Map Features General Brush Inhibitor Lanes Nexus Nexus Obelisk Shop Spawn Terrain Turret Summoner's Rift Base gate Jungle plants Speed Shrine Howling Abyss Health Relic Twisted Treeline (Removed) Altar Ghost Relic Crystal Scar (Removed) Capture point Health Relic Greater Relic Speed Shrine