Morgana casting Soul Shackles to tether herself to four enemy champions . A tether is an effect that creates a link between the source and the target(s) whose power can be dependent on the effective range and/or time linked. The link is broken beyond maximum range and if either the source or the target(s) dies . Some hostile tethers reveal the target, and tethers will also reveal the source if the target is a champion. Tethers persist through untargetability . Spell shields can prevent the application of hostile tethers but not their after effects (this varies). Dispel effects and the transformation into the zombie state will always remove tethers. The transition into the Realm of Death can break any existing tethers on differing targets. Types of Tethers [ ] Hostile [ ] A hostile tether is a link between a source and an enemy. Champions Aatrox's Infernal Chains Fiddlesticks' Bountiful Harvest Illaoi's Test of Spirit Karma's Focused Resolve and Renewal Kled's Bear Trap on a Rope LeBlanc's Ethereal Chains and Mimic Ethereal Chains Malzahar's Nether Grasp Nocturne's Unspeakable Horror Morgana's Soul Shackles Renata's Handshake Zac's Stretching Strikes Friendly [ ] A friendly tether links between a source and an ally. It is reapplied instantly if the two become in tether range of each other again. Champions Taric's Bastion Items Knight's Vow Black Spear Gameplay Elements Targeting Types Auto ( Passive · Self ) · Direction · Location · Unit · Proximity · Vector ( Collision · Radius ) Unit types Champion · Minion · Monster · Pets · Structures ( Turret · Inhibitor · Nexus ) Effect types Ability effects · Attack effects ( On-hit ) · Area of effect · Damage over time · Heal · Multi-hit · Redirected damage · Shield · Single-targeted Ability types Attached · Aura · Blink · Buff · Channel · Combat status · Crowd control · Damage ( Ability · Basic · Magic · Physical · True · Nexus Obelisk · Execution ) · Dash · Debuff · Invulnerability · Pet · Projectile · Sight · Spell shield · Stealth · Tether · Untargetability · Ward