Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Thresh View in 3D 880 / 23-Jan-2013 Deep Terror Thresh View in 3D 975 / 23-Jan-2013 Blood Moon Thresh View in 3D 975 / 08-Jan-2015 Dark Star Thresh View in 3D 1820 / 15-Jun-2016 High Noon Thresh View in 3D 1350 / 30-Aug-2018 Pulsefire Thresh View in 3D 1350 / 21-Nov-2019 Spirit Blossom Thresh View in 3D 1820 / 22-Jul-2020 Unbound Thresh View in 3D 750 / 29-Jul-2021 Steel Dragon Thresh View in 3D 1350 / 21-Oct-2021 Lunar Emperor Thresh View in 3D 1350 / 26-Jan-2023 Winterblessed Thresh View in 3D 1350 / 06-Dec-2023 Dark Star Thresh Chromas Antimatter High Noon Thresh Chromas Obsidian Pearl Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Lunar Emperor Thresh Chromas Citrine Emerald Granite Obsidian Pearl Resplendent Rose Quartz Ruby Turquoise Spirit Blossom Thresh Chromas Catseye Emerald Night Blossom Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Steel Dragon Thresh Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Emberclaw Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Turquoise Winterblessed Thresh Chromas Amethyst Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Wreathguard Legacy Vault Worlds 2013 Thresh View in 3D 975 / 03-Oct-2013 SSW Thresh View in 3D 750 / 13-May-2015 FPX Thresh View in 3D 1350 / 30-Apr-2020 FPX Thresh Chromas Elite Worlds 2013 Thresh Chromas Golden Rare & Limited Prestige Pulsefire Thresh View in 3D Special / 21-Nov-2019 Prestige Pulsefire Thresh (2022) View in 3D Special / 01-Apr-2022 Screenshots [ ] Classic Thresh Deep Terror Thresh Championship Thresh Blood Moon Thresh SSW Thresh Classic Thresh (Visual VFX Update) Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 CLICK Allied champions transported with Dark Passage (W) Cruel Warden Champions hit with Death Sentence (Q) Outside the Box Walls broken from The Box (R) by champions Brace for Pain Champions hit with Flay (E) during or after traveling with Death Sentence (Q2) Reaper's Rebuke Champion damage prevented with Dark Passage (W) shields Undead Collection Damnation (P) Souls collected Trivia [ ] Original Thresh His scythe resembles a kusarigama . He might be referencing Hellraiser by Clive Barker ( Damnation used to be called 'Keeper of Lost Souls'). Unbound Thresh is the default skin for Thresh in Wild Rift . Deep Terror Thresh This skin shares the Forgotten Depths theme with: Abyssal Nautilus Atlantean Fizz Atlantean Syndra Coral Reef Malphite Deep One Kassadin Deep Sea Kog'Maw Deep Sea Nami He references Davy Jones' Locker . He resembles Davy Jones from Pirates of the Caribbean . He has two Recall animations (one where he pulls out a treasure chest and strikes the Captain Morgan pose, another where he pulls out a tire and slumps in disappointment). Worlds 2013 Thresh Chromas: Golden This skin shares the World Championship theme with: Reignited Worlds 2012 Riven Worlds 2012 Riven Worlds 2014 Shyvana Worlds 2016 Zed Worlds 2018 Kha'Zix ...and others Worlds 2019 Ryze Worlds 2020 LeBlanc Worlds 2021 Jarvan IV Worlds 2022 Azir Worlds 2023 Renekton He was released in celebration of the start of the Season 3 World Championship. He references the Roman III (tails on his robe, dreadlocks on his head, crest on his back, his lantern's pieces). Blood Moon Thresh This skin shares the Blood Moon theme with: Blood Moon Akali Blood Moon Diana Blood Moon Evelynn Blood Moon Jhin Blood Moon Katarina ...and others Blood Moon Pyke Blood Moon Shen Blood Moon Sivir Blood Moon Tryndamere Blood Moon Zilean The mask he is wearing references the ones used in Japanese Noh theater. The visual effects for Dark Passage's shield resemble Giygas from Mother . SSW Thresh This skin shares the World Champions: 2014 theme with: SSW Rengar SSW Singed SSW Talon SSW Twitch He was released in celebration of Samsung Galaxy White winning the Season Four World Championship along with: SSW Rengar SSW Singed SSW Talon SSW Twitch He represents Mata . He pulls out a Summoner's Cup in his Recall animation. Dark Star Thresh Chromas: Antimatter This skin shares the Dark Star theme with: Dark Cosmic Jhin Dark Cosmic Lissandra Dark Cosmic Lux Dark Cosmic Erasure Jhin Dark Star Cho'Gath ...and others Dark Star Karma Dark Star Orianna Dark Star Shaco Dark Star Varus Dark Star Xerath Dark Star Rhaast He references cosmicism by H. P. Lovecraft . He uses a Frog in one of his animations, along with Kai'Sa and Bewitching Morgana . The frog is teleported to the old Bewitching Morgana as can be seen here . He features in the Dark Star: Singularity featured game mode . He briefly transforms after hitting an enemy with Death Sentence . High Noon Thresh Chromas: Obsidian,  Pearl,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the High Noon theme with: Bandito Fiddlesticks Cowgirl Miss Fortune High Noon Darius High Noon Hecarim High Noon Leona ...and others High Noon Senna High Noon Twitch Longhorn Alistar Sandscourge Skarner Sheriff Caitlyn He was released along with: High Noon Lucian High Noon Urgot Pulsefire Thresh This skin shares the Pulsefire theme with: Prestige Pulsefire Thresh Prestige Pulsefire Thresh (2022) Pulsefire Caitlyn Pulsefire Ekko Pulsefire Ezreal ...and others Pulsefire Fiora Pulsefire Pantheon Pulsefire Riven Pulsefire Shen Pulsefire Twisted Fate Prestige Pulsefire Thresh This skin shares the Pulsefire theme with: Prestige Pulsefire Thresh (2022) Pulsefire Caitlyn Pulsefire Ekko Pulsefire Ezreal Pulsefire Fiora ...and others Pulsefire Pantheon Pulsefire Riven Pulsefire Shen Pulsefire Thresh Pulsefire Twisted Fate FPX Thresh Chromas: Elite This skin shares the World Champions: 2019 theme with: FPX Gangplank FPX Lee Sin FPX Malphite FPX Vayne He was released in celebration of FunPlus Phoenix winning the Season 2019 World Championship along with: FPX Gangplank FPX Lee Sin FPX Malphite FPX Vayne This skin seems to have been inspired by popular Japanese superhero TV shows such as Super Sentai and Kamen Rider . He represents Crisp . The idea for the Recall animation was thought up by Crisp himself and displays his signature. Spirit Blossom Thresh Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Night Blossom,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire This skin shares the Spirit Blossom theme with: Prestige Spirit Blossom Teemo Spirit Blossom Ahri Spirit Blossom Aphelios Spirit Blossom Darius Spirit Blossom Evelynn ...and others Spirit Blossom Kindred Spirit Blossom Sett Spirit Blossom Teemo Spirit Blossom Yone Spirit Blossom Yorick He represents the Collector , a spiteful demon in Ionian mythology that tortures souls for eternity in the afterlife. He represents the Spirit of Obsession in the Spirit Blossom festival. The skin started as an epic skin before being made into a legendary to fit the fantasy of a shape-shifting demon. [1] This is the first Thresh skin where he has a human-like appearance. His transformation into human-like form happens after collecting 45 soul with Damnation and then using The Box . Afterwards he can toggle between his human and demon form at will. Unbound Thresh This skin shares the Ruined theme with: Gangplank the Betrayer Prestige Ascended Pantheon Ruined Draven Ruined Karma Ruined Miss Fortune Ruined Pantheon Ruined Shyvana Sea Dog Yasuo This skin represents Thresh's canonical appearance after the events of Rise of the Sentinels , after unbinding himself from the Shadow Isles. This is the first time where Thresh's canonical human appearance is seen in-game, and the second skin overall after Spirit Blossom Thresh . This skin was created to be Thresh 's default appearance in League of Legends: Wild Rift instead of Original Thresh to give the game an appropriate age rating for most age groups, but was also used to represent a canonical development with Thresh's story. [2] Steel Dragon Thresh Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Emberclaw,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Turquoise This skin shares the Dragonmancers theme with: Dragonmancer Fiora Dragonmancer Kassadin Dragonmancer Vayne Duality Dragon Volibear Eternal Dragon Brand ...and others Lagoon Dragon Kai'Sa Obsidian Dragon Sett Prestige Duality Dragon Volibear Prestige Obsidian Dragon Sett Tranquility Dragon Karma Lunar Emperor Thresh Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Granite,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Resplendent,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Turquoise This skin shares the Lunar Revel theme with: Coin Emperor Tahm Kench Jade Dragon Wukong Lunar Empress Lux Lunar Goddess Diana Lunar Guardian Kha'Zix ...and others Lunar Guardian Nasus Lunar Guardian Warwick Lunar Wraith Caitlyn Lunar Wraith Sylas Radiant Wukong Winterblessed Thresh Chromas: Amethyst,  Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise,  Wreathguard This skin shares the Winterblessed theme with: Prestige Winterblessed Camille Prestige Winterblessed Warwick Winterblessed Annie Winterblessed Camille Winterblessed Diana ...and others Winterblessed Hecarim Winterblessed Senna Winterblessed Sylas Winterblessed Warwick Winterblessed Zoe References [ ] ↑ Spirit Blossom Thresh's skin pitch ↑ /dev: Thresh Re-Fleshed and the Viego No-Go