Games Universe • League of Legends • Teamfight Tactics • Legends of Runeterra • Wild Rift Image Thresh Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Thresh the Chain Warden Release date 2013-01-23 Last changed V13.7 Class(es) Catcher Legacy Support Fighter Position(s) Support Resource Mana Range type Ranged Adaptive type Physical Store price 3150 | 790 Crafting + 1890 Ratings Damage 1 Toughness 2 Control 3 Mobility 1 Utility 3 Style Difficulty Champion Spotlight Thresh Champion Spotlight Thresh is a champion in League of Legends . [1] Gameplay • Cosmetics • Audio • Development • Patch History • History • Trivia Base statistics Thresh Edit Health 600 +120 Mana 274 +44 Health regen. (per 5s) 7 +0.55 Mana regen. (per 5s) 6 +0.8 Armor 28 +0 Attack damage 56 +2.2 Magic resist. 30 +1.3 Crit. damage 175% Move. speed 330 Attack range 450 Attack speed Base AS 0.625 Attack windup 23.958% (mod. 0.25) AS ratio N/A Bonus AS +3.5 % Missile speed Non-projectile Unit radius Gameplay radius 65 Selection radius 125 Pathing radius 36 Acq. radius 475 Special statistics ARAM Nexus Blitz One For All URF Ult Spellbook Arena Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Ability Haste +20 Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Move Speed +5% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received -13% Shielding +20% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Shielding +0% Move Speed +20% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Abilities [ ] Edit Damnation Damnation EFFECT RADIUS: 1900 Innate: Thresh's armor cannot increase through growth (per level) . Innate: Enemy champions , large minions and large monsters that die near Thresh drop a Soul for 8 seconds. Epic monsters drop 2 Souls while lesser minions and monsters have a 33. 3 % chance to drop a Soul . Thresh automatically collects Souls near him or a placed Dark Passage . Soul: For each stack , Thresh gains 1 ability power and 1 bonus armor . Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Passive Souls grant a small area of sight . Souls are visible to allies and only become visible to enemies if their team has sight of Thresh . The probability for souls dropping from small minions and monster on Summoner's Rift starts at 33% but adjusts dynamically to match the expected quota of souls dropped (lowers if above, rises if below, remains if even). Souls collected are not considered when adjusting the probability. The maximum amount of souls Thresh can collect is 999,999, granting him 999,999 bonus ability power and 999,999 bonus armor (99. 99 % damage reduction, reduced to 99. 98 % when hit by Last Whisper ). Nunu & Willump drop a soul each. Map-Specific Differences Howling Abyss differences edit Each collected soul counts as 2 from 1. Nexus Blitz differences edit Each collected soul counts as 2 from 1. Ultra Rapid Fire differences edit Grants 3 souls per pick-up. Arena differences edit New Effect: Gains 11. 25 Soul stacks per round. Edit Death Sentence Death Sentence COST: 70 Mana COOLDOWN : 19 / 16. 5 / 14 / 11. 5 / 9 CAST TIME: 0. 5 RANGE: 1100 / 1040 EFFECT RADIUS: Global / 3000 WIDTH: 140 SPEED: 1900 / 1400 Active: Thresh throws out his scythe in the target direction, becoming unable to move or attack while it is in flight. The scythe catches the first enemy hit to deal magic damage and stun and reveal them for 1. 5 seconds, as well as reduce Death Sentence's current cooldown by 2 seconds. Thresh will also mark the target Shackled for 1. 5 seconds, during which he is unable to declare basic attacks, and is slowed by 20% for 1 second. Magic Damage: 100 / 150 / 200 / 250 / 300 (+ 90% AP) While the target is stunned , Thresh tugs twice over 0. 8 seconds, pulling the target a short distance with each tug. After 0. 5 seconds of hitting an enemy or instantly after hitting a minion or monster , Thresh can recast the ability while the target is Shackled , which will cause him to stop tugging. Recast - Deathly Leap: Thresh dashes to the Shackled enemy, becoming able to attack again upon arrival. He can cast Dark Passage and Flay during the dash. Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Direction / Auto Damage type Type Sub-type Spell damage Magic Counters Spell shield Projectile Grounded Blocked Blocked See Notes Knockdown Interrupted Thresh will track the target if they change locations. He will dash to the target's previous location if the target is too far away or moves beyond 2000 units. This ability will cast from wherever the caster is at the end of the cast time. Thresh will not tug if the target is too close to him. Thresh will turn his facing direction towards the cast direction only after Death Sentence's cast is complete. If Thresh is facing more than 90° away from the cast direction in either direction, he will turn to face exactly 90° away from the cast direction over the cast time, then turn towards the cast direction when the missile is fired. If Thresh is facing less than 90° away from the cast direction, he will keep his facing direction until the missile is fired. This prevents the enemy from knowing where exactly Thresh is aiming at before the cast animation is complete. Death Sentence triggers on-cast effects (such as Spellblade and triggering Force Pulse's passive) once at the start of the cast, and once at the end of the cast. It may trigger on-cast effects a third time when casting Deathly Leap . This is because a separate spell is cast to prevent Thresh from facing towards the target direction immediately, which is (incorrectly) flagged to trigger on-cast effects. (bug) Deathly Leap has a maximum cast range. If Thresh or his victim move too far away from one another, Death Sentence will show its cooldown prematurely, preventing Deathly Leap from being cast. This behaves similarly to a tether range. If Thresh is already outside the maximum range when the scythe lands and the hook is created, Death Sentence will not be on cooldown (bug) , however actually casting Deathly Leap will cause it to fizzle unless Thresh has walked into range again. Death Sentence cannot be recast while grounded or rooted . Death Sentence can be recast even while the target is untargetable . Only Death Sentence's first chain tug puts the target airborne . Outside the first ~0. 3 seconds, the target is only stunned. (bug) Death Sentence will not stun enemies that are displacement immune or immune to crowd control but the target will still be hooked and Thresh is still granted the ability to recast for his dash. Thresh will not tug at all if the stun is not active on the target or if he used the recast. Spell shield will block all of Death Sentence's effects, including the hook as well as prevent the cooldown reduction. Death Sentence's stun duration is affected by tenacity but the hook will always persist for 1. 5 seconds, unless the target uses a cleansing effect, in which case the hook is removed. Death Sentence's stun will persist even if Thresh dies before the duration ends. The tug will not occur as Thresh is not alive. Type Cast time Attacking Disabled Abilities Disabled Movement Disabled Items Usable Shurelya's Battlesong Youmuu's Ghostblade Randuin's Omen Disabled All the other item-actives are disabled Interrupted by N/A Consumables Usable Spells Usable Barrier Clarity Cleanse Exhaust Ghost Heal Ignite Smite Disabled Flash Teleport Recall Hexflash Interrupted by N/A Interrupted by Death, unless protected by Resurrection Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit AP ratio changed to 120% AP . Edit Dark Passage Dark Passage COST: 50 / 55 / 60 / 65 / 70 Mana COOLDOWN: 21 / 20 / 19 / 18 / 17 CAST TIME: none TARGET RANGE: 950 EFFECT RADIUS: 350 / 150 TETHER RADIUS: 1500 Active: Thresh throws his lantern to the target location over 0. 5 seconds, lasting for 6 seconds while he remains nearby and granting sight of its surroundings. If Thresh moves too far away from the lantern, it returns back to him immediately. Thresh and the first allied champion to come near the lantern are granted a shield for 4 seconds. An ally can select the lantern while in proximity of it, dashing to Thresh and gaining the shield. Shield Strength: 50 / 70 / 90 / 110 / 130 (+ 2 per Soul collected) An ally cannot select the lantern while immobilized , grounded , or silenced . The lantern will not expire from Thresh moving too far away if he is dashing with Deathly Leap . Hide Details Tips & Tricks Info Targeting input Location Counters Projectile Blocked The dashing ally will track Thresh if he changes locations. They will dash to Thresh's previous location if he is too far away or moves beyond 2200 units. The lantern is considered a unit and can be targeted by an allied Teleport , Leap Strike , Shunpo , and Safeguard . It is untargetable to enemies. The lantern's duration and maximum leash range are each displayed as a circle on the ground. Thresh will gain Dark Passage's shield from moving out of leash range of the lantern. Dark Passage is special cased to trigger Guardian . Tips & Tricks Since the ally needs to select the lantern, enemies may create targetable units on top of the lantern to impede allies from grabbing it (i.e Warding Totem ). Edit Flay Flay COST: 60 / 65 / 70 / 75 / 80 Mana COOLDOWN: 13 / 12. 25 / 11. 5 / 10. 75 / 10 CAST TIME: 0. 3889 RANGE: -550 / 525 EFFECT RADIUS: 270 WIDTH: 220 SPEED: 2000 Passive: Thresh's basic attacks are empowered to deal bonus magic damage , with the AD ratio increasing over 10 seconds without basic attacking enemies. Minimum Bonus Magic Damage: 1. 5 per Soul collected (+ 0% AD) Maximum Bonus Magic Damage: 1. 5 per Soul collected (+ 80 / 110 / 140 / 170 / 200% AD) Active: Thresh sweeps his chain across the ground in a broad line and a radius around him, starting behind him and towards the target direction. Enemies hit are dealt magic damage and knocked 200 units in the target direction, and then are slowed for 1 second. Magic Damage: 75 / 115 / 155 / 195 / 235 (+ 70% AP) Slow: 20 / 25 / 30 / 35 / 40% Link ▶️ "This way!" Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Direction Damage type Type Sub-type See Notes Magic Counters Spell shield Parries Projectile Blocked Missing Not Blocked Flay's effects start at the start of the cast time. Thresh can cast other spells once the cast time completes, but remains unable to attack and move and use mobility spells (such as Flash ) until the chain completed its way entirely. Applies area damage on the ability and deals proc damage on the enhanced basic attack. The knockback's airborne debuff is set to last longer than the forced movement, but gets removed as soon as the forced movement from Flay ends or is overridden by another. Flay's passive's buff icon changes colors depending on charge level. At 100%, Thresh's scythe will glow green and a sound effect will play. 0 - 50% 50 - 75% 75% - 100% 100% Runaan's Hurricane's Wind's Fury will apply Flay's passive to each enemy hit, with the secondary targets taking minimum damage (charge resets upon hitting the primary target). The enhanced attack applies other on-hit effects and can critically strike as normal (the bonus damage cannot). Flay's passive enhanced attack can be dodged (the enhanced attack is not consumed and the charge is not reset) and blocked (the enhanced attack is consumed and the charge is reset). The empowered attack will not trigger against structures nor wards . PENDING FOR TEST: : Enhanced attack's interactions with blinding effects (regarding both bonus damage and charge reset). Type Cast time Attacking Disabled Abilities Disabled Movement Disabled Items Usable Shurelya's Battlesong Youmuu's Ghostblade Randuin's Omen Disabled All the other item-actives are disabled Interrupted by N/A Consumables Usable Spells Usable Barrier Clarity Cleanse Exhaust Ghost Heal Ignite Smite Disabled Flash Teleport Recall Hexflash Interrupted by N/A Interrupted by Death, unless protected by Resurrection Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit Maximum AD ratio changed to 100 / 150 / 200 / 250 / 300% AD . Edit The Box The Box COST: 100 Mana COOLDOWN: 140 / 120 / 100 CAST TIME: 0. 45 WIDTH: 30 Side length: 470 Active: Thresh erects a pentagon of spectral walls around him that each last for 5 seconds. A wall will break upon enemy champion contact, dealing magic damage and slowing them by 99% for 2 seconds. Magic Damage: 250 / 400 / 550 (+ 100% AP) Enemies that break a wall cannot do so again for 1 second. Subsequent walls they break will deal no damage and slow for only 1 second. Link ▶️ "Nowhere to hide." Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Auto Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Magic Counters Spell shield Blocked This ability will cast from wherever the caster is at the start of the cast time. The Box always uses quick cast , regardless of player settings. The Box always faces into the same direction (one of the walls is due North, and spreads West-East). The cast indicator does not show this behavior. The corners of The Box are placed 400 units around Thresh . Each wall is 470. 228 units long. Each wall passes 323. 607 units from the center of The Box at the closest approach (ignoring its width). A pentagon has an angle of 72° between each corner. Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit AP ratio changed to 130% AP . Champion skins [ ] This article section only contains champion skins. For all associated collection items, see Thresh (Collection) . Original View in 3D 880 23.01.2013 Sadistic and cunning, Thresh is an ambitious and restless spirit of the Shadow Isles. Once the custodian of countless arcane secrets, he was undone by a power greater than life or death, and now sustains himself by tormenting and breaking others with slow, excruciating inventiveness. His victims suffer far beyond their brief mortal coil as Thresh wreaks agony upon their souls, imprisoning them in his unholy lantern to torture for all eternity. Mark Oliver Bo Lu Loot eligible Deep Terror View in 3D 975 23.01.2013 “If there really was a kingdom beneath the sea, it must have been destroyed long ago. How else do you explain the revenants that prey upon these shores? How else does that thing—Thresh—exist, trapping our souls in his accursed diving bell?” Mark Oliver Christian Fell Forgotten Depths Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Worlds 2013 View in 3D 975 03.10.2013 Celebrating Worlds 2013 in North America. Mark Oliver Bo Lu World Championship Loot eligible Legacy New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Worlds 2013 Thresh Chromas Golden Blood Moon View in 3D 975 08.01.2015 A demon summoned on the night of the Blood Moon, Thresh's insatiable urge to torture and kill is fueled by thousands of vengeful spirits drawn to his lantern. Entire villages are left slaughtered in his wake, their blood staining the land for decades. Mark Oliver Esben Lash Rasmussen Blood Moon Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall SSW View in 3D 750 13.05.2015 Honoring Mata's winning performance as Thresh during the 2014 World Championship. Mark Oliver Alvin Lee, Pan Chengwei World Champions: 2014 Loot eligible Legacy New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Dark Star View in 3D 1820 15.06.2016 A cosmic nightmare who worships the all-consuming Dark Star, Thresh vows to feed the whole of existence to his “god” until all matter, time, and thought are erased. His work will be complete when nothing remains, freeing him to finally leap into the singularity and become one with the end of the universe. Mark Oliver Victor '3rdColossus' Maury Dark Star Loot eligible New voiceover New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Dark Star Thresh Chromas Antimatter High Noon View in 3D 1350 30.08.2018 An ancient devil who stalks the great expanses of the Old West, Thresh's cruel visage is burned into the minds of all living things who fear the day he will come to claim their souls. His arrival spells doom for any settlement, its residents flayed and left to rot in the sun. Mark Oliver Alvin Lee High Noon Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas High Noon Thresh Chromas Obsidian Pearl Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Pulsefire View in 3D 1350 21.11.2019 As head of the Remembrancers, Thresh usually remains behind the scenes pulling the chains of time rather than stepping into the stream himself. Yet recent events have caused him to leave his temporal citadel, bringing his pulsefire lantern to bear. Mark Oliver David Villegas, West Studio Pulsefire Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Prestige Pulsefire View in 3D Special 21.11.2019 As paradoxes multiply and more rogue agents rebel against the grasp of the chrono-enforcers, Thresh, as commander of the Rembrancers, takes matters into his own hands. He must not yield control of time to these interlopers… nor to the growing Praetorian threat. Mark Oliver Kudos Productions Pulsefire Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall This skin is a variant of Pulsefire . Store variants are discounted for multiple purchases. FPX View in 3D 1350 30.04.2020 Honoring Crisp's winning performance as Thresh during the 2019 World Championship. Mark Oliver Pan Chengwei World Champions: 2019 Loot eligible Legacy New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas FPX Thresh Chromas Elite Spirit Blossom View in 3D 1820 22.07.2020 An ancient demon of obsession, Thresh delights in tormenting the spirits of those he deems as flawed, but blossoming with potential. He haunts the spiritual afterlife as a supreme collector of souls, tempting the dead away from their path to salvation until they are trapped for eternity within their own memories. Mark Oliver Jeremy 'Jermu' Anninos Spirit Blossom Loot eligible New voiceover New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Transforming Chromas Spirit Blossom Thresh Chromas Catseye Emerald Night Blossom Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Unbound View in 3D 750 29.07.2021 With every soul the Ruination seized, Thresh's lantern burned brighter. He had planned for this moment, after all: the chance to scour far beyond the Shadow Isles, the Mist's reach so much greater than his own. Reaping all he had so meticulously sown, Thresh was at last unbound from the shackles of the isles. He had forgotten how good it feels to have skin... Mark Oliver Francis Tneh, West Studio Ruined Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Steel Dragon View in 3D 1350 21.10.2021 The Steel Dragon, happiest curled up in its cavernous archive amidst its treasures, needed someone with a talent for acquiring esoteric new treasures—and its eye fell on Thresh. Honored to assist, Thresh's limitless appetite for acquisition warped into obsession. Now he stops at nothing to acquire what he wants, justifying his cruelty in the name of his benefactor. Mark Oliver Huyy Nguyen, West Studio Dragonmancers Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Steel Dragon Thresh Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Emberclaw Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Turquoise Prestige Pulsefire (2022) View in 3D Special 01.04.2022 As paradoxes multiply and more rogue agents rebel against the grasp of the chrono-enforcers, Thresh, as commander of the Rembrancers, takes matters into his own hands. He must not yield control of time to these interlopers… nor to the growing Praetorian threat. Mark Oliver Kudos Productions Pulsefire Loot inelgible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall This skin is a variant of Prestige Pulsefire . Store variants are discounted for multiple purchases. Lunar Emperor View in 3D 1350 26.01.2023 Some are destined to rule. Others hear only echoes of glory, knowing nothing of the sacrifices that must be made! You must put your empire before EVERYTHING... even the lives of your subjects. The Emperor Thresh still guides his people, their souls forever safe, though their bodies were washed away. Someday, he'll heal his broken empire. All he needs is a kind empress' helping hand. Mark Oliver Alex 'alexplank' Flores Lunar Revel Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Lunar Emperor Thresh Chromas Citrine Emerald Granite Obsidian Pearl Resplendent Rose Quartz Ruby Turquoise Winterblessed View in 3D 1350 06.12.2023 Thresh, Sylas, and Camille laughed as the Aurora surged within them, until the laughs turned to screams! The raw power of the Aurora was too much, killing the inventor and dancer and leaving only a corrupted Thresh behind. Believing himself to be the rightful new Polaris, he raised his weapon, ready to doom Senna... when suddenly, Lucian appeared! Mark Oliver Jiunn Kuo, Kudos Productions Winterblessed Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Winterblessed Thresh Chromas Amethyst Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Wreathguard Patch history [ ] For the expanded patch notes, see here Trivia [ ] Thresh is one of 15 champions that have an ability that infinitely stacks an effect: Aurelion Sol , Bard , Bel'Veth , Cho'Gath , Draven , Kindred , Nasus , Senna , Shyvana , Sion , Smolder , Swain , Sylas , and Veigar . In Thresh's case, Damnation infinitely stacks his ability power and armor . Thresh's name originated from the verb for harvesting (souls). [2] He may also be named after Dennis 'Thresh' Fong , who popularized WASD movement keys and is considered the first professional gamer. Thresh was the first champion released in 2013 . His base health at level 18 was also 2013 on release. Thresh was the first champion to cost 7800 on first week after release . Thresh and Urgot used to be the only champions classified as ranged tanks before having their roles changes in 2013. Thresh has three different basic attack animations (depending on how far he is from the target he is hitting) as well as a special death animation when killed while Death Sentence is active (he laughs spitefully at the affected target) Thresh's dance references Poi dancing (he swings his scythe and lantern , or his scythe and the lantern's hook if he cast Dark Passage before dancing). A side-by-side comparison can be seen here . Dark Passage is the eldest ability that grants an allied displacement. Thresh's theme references Rain Rain Go Away and/or Ring a Ring o' Roses . Thresh is the first champion to feature a Death animation on the Classic skin. Death Recap used to read "You have opened The Box . Your prize: death" . If Senna and Thresh are played on opposing teams, a quest will trigger. This in-game quest consists in one killing the other to earn the opposing champion's stack of souls. [3] See also [ ] League of Legends Wiki | Champions Cancelled Champions Ao Shin Avasha Averdrian CeeCee Cyborg Cowboy Eagle Rider Gavid Husk Iron Engineer Ivan Omen Priscilla Rob Blackblade Seth Tabu Tiki Urf Well References [ ] ↑ Thresh's profile page at LeagueOfLegends.com ↑ IronStylus on champion names ↑ August on Senna Quest