Tiamat edit Stats +20 attack damage Active Unique – Crescent : Deal 75% AD physical damage to enemies within a 450 radius in front of you (10 second cooldown). Passive Unique – Cleave : Basic attacks on-hit deal ( 40% AD / 20% AD ) physical damage to other enemies in a 350 radius centered around the target. Limitations Limited to 1 Hydra item. Recipe + + 500 Cost Sell ID 1200 840 3077 Availability SR 5v5 HA ARAM Nexus Blitz Builds into Profane Hydra Ravenous Hydra Stridebreaker Titanic Hydra Menu Fighter Tank Attack Damage On-Hit Effects Tiamat is an epic item in League of Legends . Recipe Tiamat 1200 ( 500 ) Long Sword 350 Long Sword 350 Builds Into Profane Hydra Ravenous Hydra Stridebreaker Titanic Hydra Cost Analysis Gold Value 20 attack damage = 700 Total Gold Value = 700 Gold efficiency Tiamat's base stats are 58. 33 % gold efficient. Similar items Caulfield's Warhammer Serrated Dirk The Brutalizer Rectrix Phage Tunneler Kircheis Shard Notes Cleave deals default damage , and thus will not trigger spell effects . Crescent deals area damage , and will trigger spell effects in contrast to Cleave . Cleave is not blocked by spell shield . Cleave will trigger even if the basic attack does not deal damage, such as if the target is invulnerable . Cleave does not trigger on attacks against structures. Crescent is an auto-targeted effect. Crescent's cast breaks stealth . Crescent has a cast time equal to the user's attack windup . Old icons 1st version 2nd version Trivia In Babylonian mythology, Tiamat was the first dragon and was slain to make the heavens, earth, and man. Tiamat is also the name of the five headed dragon goddess in the Dungeons & Dragons tabletop RPG . Tiamat building into three items ( Profane Hydra , Ravenous Hydra , Titanic Hydra ) borrow their namesake from the Hydra , another many-headed beast, also alludes to this. In the V1.0.0.115 April Fools' Day patch, Tiamat's name was jokingly given the following update to reference Tamat , the name of a Rioter . Tiamat has been renamed to Tamat. Media Cleave VFX Crescent VFX Old Cleave VFX Old Crescent VFX 