For the removed Summoner's Rift variant, see Nomad's Medallion . "You belong in a museum!" This article or section may contain obsolete information, but exists here for historical purposes. This item has been removed on patch V9.23 . Timeworn Nomad's Medallion edit "The medallion shines with the glory of a thousand voices when exposed to the sun." — Historian Shurelya, 22 June, 24 CLE Stats +10% cooldown reduction +50% base health regeneration + 2 per 10 seconds +10 movement speed Passive Unique – Favor : Nearby enemy minions killed by an ally (excluding yourself) will sometimes drop a gold coin that can be picked up to either grant 50 or restore 6% missing mana (minimum 10). Coin can only drop if an allied champion is nearby . Siege minions always drop a coin upon death as long as you did not kill them. Unique – Quest : Earn 750 using this item. Reward: Favor is upgraded to Emperor's Favor causing champion takedowns to grant both the gold and mana . You also grant 8% bonus movement speed to nearby allied champions moving toward you. Limitations Limited to 1 Jungle or Gold Income item. Recipe + + 300 Cost Sell ID 850 340 3305 Availability Builds into Timeworn Talisman of Ascension Menu Tools>Gold Income Defense>Health Regen Magic>Mana Regen Keywords Support Economy Gold Timeworn Nomad's Medallion was an epic item in League of Legends . It was exclusive to Classic Twisted Treeline 3v3 . Recipe Timeworn Nomad's Medallion 850 ( 300 ) Timeworn Ancient Coin 400 Rejuvenation Bead 300 Builds Into Timeworn Talisman of Ascension Cost Analysis Gold Value 10% cooldown reduction = 266. 67 50% base health regeneration = 150 10 flat movement speed = 120 Total Gold Value = 536. 67 Gold efficiency Timeworn Nomad's Medallion's base stats were 63. 14 % gold efficient. Timeworn Nomad's Medallion becomes gold efficient in about 7 gold coin . Without Favor , Timeworn Nomad's Medallion becomes gold efficient in 26 minutes and 7 seconds . The Quest goal of 750 can be reached: By waiting 62 minutes 30 seconds . By collecting 15 gold coins . Similar items Timeworn Frostfang Timeworn Targon's Brace Notes The quest reward can only be obtained after being out-of-combat for 5 seconds. If the last coin to drop was a gold coin, the next coin will be a mana coin. If the last coin was a mana coin, the next coin will be a gold coin. The coin drop rate starts at 0% and increases by 11. 1 1 % for every minion that dies (regardless of whether it drops a coin or not). When a minion drops a coin (including siege minions) the chance drops by 33. 3 3 %. This value can go below 0%. [1] Because of the way this is done, for every minion wave (with or without siege minion), the average coin drop rate is 2 coins per minion wave . From this, we can determinate the average passive gold value of Favor : 15 per 10 seconds . Champion takedowns will drop a coin that will chase your champion until it reaches them. After a certain duration, if the coin didn't reach your champion, it will disappear. [2] Strategy Because the Favor passive does not benefit the player who gets the last hit , Timeworn Nomad's Medallion is best built on supports who plan on spending a lot of time in-lane . Trivia The caption author's name references Miyuki 'Shurelia' Mitsuhashi , a former Associate Game Designer at Riot Games Inc. This was added in response to negative feedback that renaming Shurelya's Reverie was an attack on Shurelia's legacy. [3] Timeworn Frostfang , Timeworn Nomad's Medallion , and Timeworn Targon's Brace are a set of items available since Season Eight that were designed for Support . They were themed after locations from Runeterra that all incidentally involve a form of physical transcendence. This item is a relic of an older iteration of Nomad's Medallion that built into Talisman of Ascension , which was changed to allow champions to obtain more diverse build paths. [4] 