For the Summoner's Rift equivalent, see Frostfang or Harrowing Crescent . "You belong in a museum!" This article or section may contain obsolete information, but exists here for historical purposes. This item has been removed on patch V9.23 . Timeworn Frostfang edit Stats +20 ability power +10% cooldown reduction +50% base mana regeneration + 2 per 10 seconds Passive Unique – Tribute : Grants a charge every 10 seconds, up to 3 charges. Damaging spells and attacks against champions and buildings consume a charge, up to one per attack or cast. Consuming a charge deals them 18 bonus magic damage , and if an allied champion is nearby , also grants 22 . Before quest completion, killing a minion or non-epic monster pauses Tribute generation and the passive gold generation for 12 seconds per unit slain. Unique – Quest : Earn 750 using this item. Reward: Tribute is upgraded to Queen's Tribute , granting you 50% bonus movement speed for 1 second for each charge consumed. Limitations Limited to 1 Jungle or Gold Income item. Recipe + + 325 Cost Sell ID 850 340 3311 Availability Builds into Timeworn Frost Queen's Claim Menu Tools>Gold Income Magic>Ability Power Magic>Cooldown Reduction Magic>Mana Regen Keywords Support Economy Gold Timeworn Frostfang was an epic item in League of Legends . It was exclusive to Classic Twisted Treeline 3v3 . Recipe Timeworn Frostfang 850 ( 325 ) Timeworn Spellthief's Edge 400 Faerie Charm 250 Builds Into Timeworn Frost Queen's Claim Cost Analysis Gold Value 20 ability power = 435 10% cooldown reduction = 266. 67 50% base mana regeneration = 250 Total Gold Value = 951. 67 Gold efficiency Timeworn Frostfang's base stats were 111. 96 % gold efficient. Similar items Timeworn Nomad's Medallion Timeworn Targon's Brace Notes The quest reward can only be obtained after being out of combat for 5 seconds. If you damage an enemy champion or structure 3 times every 30 seconds, tribute grants 20 per 10. Plus 2 per 10 from the item, you can receive a total of 22 per 10. Area of effect abilities will use one charge per enemy champion hit. On-hit effects will not trigger Tribute (although the triggering attack can). Damage over time abilities will trigger the passive once per instance of damage. Killing a minion and damaging an enemy at the same time will put Tribute on cooldown without activating. Strategy Because killing minions disables Tribute , Timeworn Frostfang is best built on supports who are able to harass effectively in-lane . Trivia This item is a later iteration of Kage's Lucky Pick , this name is a reference to Kage's quest to find the titular Pick in Tenacious D in The Pick of Destiny . Timeworn Frostfang , Timeworn Nomad's Medallion , and Timeworn Targon's Brace are a set of items available since Season Eight that were designed for Support . They were themed after locations from Runeterra that all incidentally involve a form of physical transcendence. This item is a relic of an older iteration of Frostfang in the recipe of Frost Queen's Claim , which was changed to allow champions to obtain more diverse build paths. [1] 