For the removed Summoner's Rift variant, see Ancient Coin . "You belong in a museum!" This article or section may contain obsolete information, but exists here for historical purposes. This item has been removed on patch V9.23 . Timeworn Ancient Coin edit "Gold dust rises from the desert and clings to the coin." - Historian Shurelya, 11 November, 23 CLE Stats +5% cooldown reduction + 2 per 10 seconds +5 movement speed Passive Unique – Favor : Nearby enemy minions killed by an ally (excluding yourself) will sometimes drop a gold coin that can be picked up to either grant 28 or restore 6% missing mana (minimum 10). Coin can only drop if an allied champion is nearby . Siege minions always drop a coin upon death as long as you did not kill them. Unique – Quest : Earn 750 using this item and upgrade to Timeworn Nomad's Medallion . Reward: Favor is upgraded to Emperor's Favor causing champion takedowns to grant both the gold and mana . You also grant 8% bonus movement speed to nearby allied champions moving toward you. Limitations Limited to 1 Jungle or Gold Income item. Recipe Cost Sell ID 400 160 3304 Availability Builds into Timeworn Nomad's Medallion Menu Starter Items>Laning Tools>Gold Income Magic>Cooldown Reduction; Mana Regen Keywords Support Gold Economy Timeworn Ancient Coin was a basic item in League of Legends . It was exclusive to Classic Twisted Treeline 3v3 . Builds Into Timeworn Nomad's Medallion Cost Analysis Gold Value 5% cooldown reduction = 133. 33 5 flat movement speed = 60 Total Gold Value = 193. 33 Gold efficiency Timeworn Ancient Coin's base stats were 48. 33 % gold efficient. Timeworn Ancient Coin becomes gold efficient in about 9 gold coins . Without Favor , Timeworn Ancient Coin becomes gold efficient in 17 minutes and 14 seconds . The Quest goal of 750 can be reached: By waiting 62 minutes 30 seconds . By collecting 30 gold coins . Similar items Timeworn Relic Shield Timeworn Spellthief's Edge Notes The quest reward can only be obtained after being out-of-combat for 5 seconds. If the last coin to drop was a gold coin, the next coin will be a mana coin. If the last coin was a mana coin, the next coin will be a gold coin. The coin drop rate starts at 0% and increases by 11. 1 1 % for every minion that dies (regardless of whether it drops a coin or not). When a minion drops a coin (including siege minions) the chance drops by 33. 3 3 %. This value can go below 0%. [1] Because of the way this is done, for every minion wave (with or without siege minion), the average coin drop rate is 2 coins per minion wave . From this, we can determinate the average passive gold value of Favor : 8. 33 per 10 seconds . Strategy Because the Favor passive does not benefit the player who gets the last hit , Timeworn Ancient Coin is best purchased on supports who plan on spending a lot of time in-lane . Trivia The caption author's name references Miyuki 'Shurelia' Mitsuhashi , a former Associate Game Designer at Riot Games Inc. This was added in response to negative feedback that renaming Shurelya's Reverie was an attack on Shurelia's legacy. [2] Timeworn Ancient Coin , Timeworn Relic Shield , and Timeworn Spellthief's Edge , are a set of items available since Season Eight that were designed for Support . They were themed after locations from Runeterra that all incidentally involve a form of physical transcendence. This item is a relic of an older iteration of Ancient Coin in the recipe of Talisman of Ascension , which was changed to allow champions to obtain more diverse build paths. [3] 