For the Summoner's Rift equivalent, see Spellthief's Edge or Spectral Sickle . "You belong in a museum!" This article or section may contain obsolete information, but exists here for historical purposes. This item has been removed on patch V9.23 . Timeworn Spellthief's Edge edit Stats +10 ability power +25% base mana regeneration + 2 per 10 seconds Passive Unique – Tribute : Grants a charge every 10 seconds, up to 3 charges. Damaging spells and attacks against champions and buildings consume a charge, up to one per attack or cast. Consuming a charge deals them 13 bonus magic damage , and if an allied champion is nearby , also grants 11 . Before quest completion, killing a minion or non-epic monster pauses Tribute generation and the passive gold generation for 12 seconds per unit slain. Unique – Quest : Earn 750 using this item and upgrade to Timeworn Frostfang . Reward: Tribute is upgraded to Queen's Tribute , granting you 50% bonus movement speed for 1 second for each charge consumed. Limitations Limited to 1 Jungle or Gold Income item. Recipe Cost Sell ID 400 160 3310 Availability Builds into Timeworn Frostfang Menu Starter Items>Laning Tools>Gold Income Magic>Ability Power Magic>Mana Regen Keywords Support Economy Gold Timeworn Spellthief's Edge was a basic item in League of Legends . It was exclusive to Classic Twisted Treeline 3v3 . Builds Into Timeworn Frostfang Cost Analysis Gold Value 10 ability power = 217. 5 25% base mana regeneration = 125 Total Gold Value = 342. 5 Gold efficiency Timeworn Spellthief's Edge's base stats were 85. 63 % gold efficient. Timeworn Spellthief's Edge becomes gold efficient in 4 minutes and 48 seconds without using Tribute , or after 6 hits against a champion or structure while Tribute is off cooldown. Similar items Timeworn Ancient Coin Timeworn Relic Shield Notes The quest reward can only be obtained after being out of combat for 5 seconds. Area of effect abilities will use one charge per enemy champion hit. On-hit effects will not trigger Tribute (although the triggering attack can). Damage over time abilities will trigger the passive once per instance of damage. Killing a minion and damaging an enemy at the same time will put Tribute on cooldown without activating. If you damage an enemy champion or structure 3 times every 30 seconds, Tribute grants 10 per 10. Plus 2 per 10 from the item, you can receive a total of 12 per 10. Strategy Because killing minions disables Tribute , Timeworn Spellthief's Edge is best purchased on supports who are able to harass effectively in-lane . Trivia Timeworn Ancient Coin , Timeworn Relic Shield , and Timeworn Spellthief's Edge , are a set of items available since Season Eight that were designed for Support . They were themed after locations from Runeterra that all incidentally involve a form of physical transcendence. This item is a relic of an older iteration of Spellthief's Edge in the recipe of Frost Queen's Claim , which was changed to allow champions to obtain more diverse build paths. [1] 