For its successor, see Total Biscuit of Everlasting Will . "You belong in a museum!" This article or section may contain obsolete information, but exists here for historical purposes. This item has been removed on patch V7.22 . Total Biscuit of Rejuvenation edit Consume Restores 15 health and 15 mana upon consumption, and regenerates 5 health every 0. 5 seconds over 16. 5 seconds, restoring a total of 165 health . Limitations Limited to 5 at one time. Limited to one type of Healing Potion. Requirements Needs 1 point in Secret Stash Recipe Cost Sell ID 50 20 2010 Availability Menu Starter Items>Jungling Starter Items>Laning Tools>Consumable Total Biscuit of Rejuvenation was a consumable item in League of Legends . Needs 1 point in Secret Stash Similar items Corrupting Potion Health Potion Hunter's Potion Refillable Potion Notes This item replaces Health Potions in the store. The health and mana on consumption effect only occurs when you begin using a potion, if you queue up multiple Biscuits , you will only get the 15 health / 15 mana effect when the last tick of the previous one ends. Trivia This item is named after the late John Bain aka TotalBiscuit, The Cynical Brit a famous YouTuber and game commentator, for achieving a high number of LoL referrals . His original intent, as stated in one of his videos, was for the item that was to be named after him be a top hat. Its name was changed from the Total Biscuit of Rejuvenation to the Total Biscuit of Everlasting Will as a tribute to John Bain's battle against cancer. [1] Having the related mastery point for the item previously gave the related additional item Poro-Snax in the Howling Abyss map that could be used, as the name suggests, to feed Poros . When vision trinkets were added, this effect was removed and replaced with all players being given one free Poro-Snax in the trinket slot, regardless of masteries taken. A blue recolor of this item's icon used to be the icon for Poro-Snax . Revisions Hide Pre-3.14 Total Biscuit of Rejuvenation Availability Common Tier Consumable Consume Restores 80 health and 50 mana over 10 seconds. Menu N/A Cost Sell Code This item cannot be bought This item cannot be sold 2009 Total Biscuit of Rejuvenation is an item in League of Legends . This item is not available for purchase. Champions will begin a match with this item in their inventory if they invested a point in the Biscuiteer mastery . Notes [ ] Because this item is technically different from Health Potion and Mana Potion , it will not queue up when used simultaneously with those. This allows a one-time quick regeneration early game. The gold value of this item is ? 