For the removed item , see Total Biscuit of Rejuvenation . Total Biscuit of Everlasting Will edit Consume Restores 8% of your missing health and 8% of your missing mana over 5 seconds. Manaless champions instead restore 12% of missing health . Requirements Requires Biscuit Delivery . Recipe Cost Sell ID Special 5 2010 Availability SR 5v5 HA ARAM Nexus Blitz Keywords kleptomancy Total Biscuit of Everlasting Will is a consumable item in League of Legends . Requires Biscuit Delivery . Similar items Corrupting Potion Health Potion Refillable Potion Notes Consuming Total Biscuits of Everlasting Will granted from Biscuit Delivery causes them to additionally restore mana immediately and grant bonus mana equal to the same amount. Total Biscuits of Everlasting Will can be consumed even while at full health and mana. If the user is manaless , they cannot consume biscuits while at full health. Multiple Total Biscuits of Everlasting Will can be consumed even while one is already active. This will cause subsequent Total Biscuits of Everlasting Will to be consumed after the previous biscuit is fully consumed (up to 3 in a queue at a time). These biscuits set in queue will be consumed even if the user is manaless and at full health. Total Biscuit of Everlasting Will's regeneration calculates based on the user's missing health and missing mana at the time of consumption. Subsequent biscuits consumed will cause the next one in queue to calculate the missing resources after the previous biscuit is fully consumed. Total Biscuit of Everlasting Will may regenerate one additional tick of health and mana at the end of its duration. (bug) Old icons 1st version Trivia This item is named after the late John Bain aka TotalBiscuit, The Cynical Brit a famous YouTuber and game commentator, for achieving a high number of LoL referrals . His original intent, as stated in one of his videos, was for the item that was to be named after him be a top hat. Its name was changed from the Total Biscuit of Rejuvenation to the Total Biscuit of Everlasting Will as a tribute to John Bain's battle against cancer. [1] Media Item VFX Sound Effects Activation Link ▶️ Active SFX Effect Active Link ▶️ Active SFX 