Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Tristana View in 3D 585 / 21-Feb-2009 Buccaneer Tristana View in 3D 520 / 27-Jun-2011 Rocket Girl Tristana View in 3D 975 / 19-Oct-2012 Dragon Trainer Tristana View in 3D 1820 / 03-Dec-2015 Omega Squad Tristana View in 3D 1350 / 26-Jul-2017 Little Demon Tristana View in 3D 1350 / 30-May-2019 Pengu Cosplay Tristana View in 3D 1350 / 01-Apr-2020 Spirit Blossom Tristana View in 3D 1350 / 06-Oct-2022 Dragon Trainer Tristana Chromas Emerald Obsidian Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Little Demon Tristana Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Citrine Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Turquoise Omega Squad Tristana Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Sapphire Pengu Cosplay Tristana Chromas Citrine Obsidian Pearl Peridot Rose Quartz Ruby Rocket Girl Tristana Chromas Navy Orange Purple Spirit Blossom Tristana Chromas Citrine Emerald Night Blossom Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Legacy Vault Earnest Elf Tristana View in 3D 520 / 31-Dec-2009 Firefighter Tristana View in 3D 1820 / 03-Jun-2010 Guerilla Tristana View in 3D 975 / 10-Aug-2010 Bewitching Tristana View in 3D 1350 / 19-Oct-2016 Firecracker Tristana View in 3D 1350 / 26-Jan-2022 Firecracker Tristana Chromas Catseye Emerald Golden Tiger Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Rare & Limited Riot Girl Tristana View in 3D Special / 15-Dec-2009 Hextech Tristana View in 3D Special / 09-Sep-2021 Screenshots [ ] Rocket Girl Tristana Classic Tristana (Visual & Gameplay Update) Little Demon Tristana Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Afterburners Rocket Jump (W) resets Big Ordnance Maximum damage Explosive Charges (E) detonated on champions Shellknocked Champions displaced by Buster Shot (R) Airmail Explosive Charges (E) applied to champions during Rocket Jump (W) Blast Radius Champions hit with damage from Explosive Charge (E, EP) Want Some? Attacks on champions during Rapid Fire (Q) Trivia [ ] Original Tristana The scene depicted shows her post- Rocket Jump . Her splash was updated a very short time prior to her champion update , causing the artists of her splash art to redraw it while keeping the same general pose as the updated pre-rework art . There exists an unused version of the splash art that seems to be a transition between the pre-rework art and the current art. Her very first splash art was directly tweaked for the first splash art of her Riot Girl skin. Riot Girl Tristana This skin shares the Riot theme with: Riot Blitzcrank Riot Graves Riot Kayle Riot K-9 Nasus Riot Squad Singed From December 15, 2009 to August 1, 2018, she could be obtained for free by visiting this page and then liking the League of Legends Facebook page . If you do not own Tristana, she would be given to you for free along with the skin. She was one of the three skins obtainable for free by following League of Legends' or Riot Games Inc.'s social media platforms. The others are: Unchained Alistar Dreadknight Garen The smiley face logo on her cannon is a reference to the Comedian's badge from " Watchmen " . Several things can be seen in the background of her splash art: A young Wharf Rat . A Bittersweet Lulu cupcake . A Poro . A Poro plushy. A Tibbers plushy. An Amumu plushy. A Soraka banana. A Bard Meep . A Teemo Shroom . A Teemo hat . TPA Ezreal . SKT T1 Jax . Fnatic Gragas . SSW Twitch . Earnest Elf Tristana This skin shares the Snowdown Showdown theme with: Candy Cane Miss Fortune Festive Maokai Happy Elf Teemo Mistletoe LeBlanc Nutcracko ...and others Re-Gifted Amumu Santa Draven Santa Gragas Snow Bunny Nidalee Workshop Nunu & Willump She celebrates Snowdown Showdown 2009 along with: Snow Bunny Nidalee Workshop Nunu & Willump Happy Elf Teemo Old Saint Zilean She is dressed like a Christmas elf . Firefighter Tristana This skin shares the Day Job theme with: Almost-Prom King Amumu Boom Boom Blitzcrank Corporate Mundo Fisherman Fizz French Maid Nidalee ...and others Matador Alistar Prestigious LeBlanc Primetime Draven Prom Queen Annie Scuba Gragas Her outfit resembles the standard firefighter attire. She also carries a fire extinguisher on her back. Her previous model used to have a fire hydrant. Boomer appears to be a customized firefighter hose. Guerilla Tristana This skin shares the Commando theme with: Commando Galio Commando Garen Commando Jarvan IV Commando Lux Commando Xin Zhao Special Forces Gangplank Special Forces Gangplank and his soldiers can be seen in the background of her splash art. This skin was inspired by Jenette Vasquez from the movie " Aliens " . She also bears a strong resemblance to the fictional movie character John Rambo . Buccaneer Tristana This skin shares the Bilgewater: Burning Tides theme with: Bilgewater Katarina Captain Gangplank Captain Fortune Cutpurse Twisted Fate Cutthroat Graves ...and others Fiddle Me Timbers Kingpin Twitch Pirate Ryze Rogue Admiral Garen Sea Hunter Aatrox This skin represents Tristana if she chose to remain in Bilgewater . Rocket Girl Tristana Chromas: Navy,  Orange,  Purple This skin shares the Silver Age theme with: Augmented Singed Bioforge Darius Chemtech Tryndamere Cryocore Brand Deadly Kennen ...and others Feral Warwick Phoenix Quinn Super Kennen Super Teemo Toxic Dr. Mundo Her base colors resembles Neon Strike Vi . Dragon Trainer Tristana Chromas: Emerald,  Obsidian,  Rainbow,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire This skin shares the Dragon World theme with: Dragon Sorceress Zyra Dragon Trainer Lulu Dragonslayer Braum Dragonslayer Diana Dragonslayer Jarvan IV ...and others Dragonslayer Kayle Dragonslayer Twitch Dragonslayer Vayne Dragonslayer Xin Zhao Scarlet Hammer Poppy She references How to Train Your Dragon (film) . Additionally, some quotes are taken from the same franchise. Her dragon companion is named Riggle , who replaces Tristana's cannon in the game. In her splash art, both Tristana and Riggle are sitting by a forest which resembles Summoner's Rift , which Tristana likely pointing at some drakes . Moreover, it is possible that Riggle might be in the hatchling stage of the Infernal Drake . Bewitching Tristana This skin shares the Bewitching theme with: Bewitching Fiora Bewitching LeBlanc Bewitching Miss Fortune Bewitching Neeko Bewitching Nidalee ...and others Bewitching Poppy Bewitching Senna Bewitching Yuumi Prestige Bewitching Miss Fortune Prestige Bewitching Miss Fortune (2022) She celebrates Harrowing 2016 along with: Bewitching Morgana Little Devil Teemo Her physical features are more cat like. Boomer takes the form of a customised cauldron launching witch’s brew. She later transforms into Little Demon Tristana and becomes a servant to Little Devil Teemo . Omega Squad Tristana Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Sapphire This skin shares the Omega Squad theme with: Omega Squad Fizz Omega Squad Teemo Omega Squad Twitch Omega Squad Veigar Omega Squad Teemo (pre-mental breakdown) can be seen to her left in her splash art. Little Demon Tristana Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Citrine,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Turquoise This skin shares the Demonic theme with: Demon Vi Gatekeeper Galio Little Devil Fizz Little Devil Teemo She was community-voted to be her next skin. [1] Other Tristana skin candidates were 'Sugar Rush Tristana' and 'Galactic Gunner Tristana'. [2] The skin production process was made transparent with the community through Nexus posts. These included stages such as preproduction, [3] visuals and sound effects, model, [4] finishing. [5] [6] This skin was visually inspired by Demon Vi . Initially, she was conceptualized to be the servant of Little Devil Teemo . She was previously Bewitching Tristana before her transformation (her hat can be seen in the background). Pengu Cosplay Tristana Chromas: Citrine,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Peridot,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Definitely Not theme with: Definitely Not Blitzcrank Definitely Not Udyr Definitely Not Vel'Koz Draven Draven Furyhorn Cosplay Veigar Overlord Malzahar Pajama Guardian Cosplay Urgot She celebrates April Fools' Day 2020 along with: Pajama Guardian Cosplay Urgot Furyhorn Cosplay Veigar Ahri and Draven can be seen in the background, while she and Veigar are perched on Pajama Guardian Cosplay Urgot . However, Horace 'Horuze' Hsu has posted a follow up image that shows a buff Teemo instead of Urgot. This is most likely done as a joke befitting the seasonal event. This skin was inspired by Pengu from Teamfight Tactics . Hextech Tristana This skin shares the Hextech theme with: Hextech Alistar Hextech Amumu Hextech Annie Hextech Kassadin Hextech Malzahar ...and others Hextech Poppy Hextech Renekton Hextech Sejuani Hextech Singed Hextech Ziggs Firecracker Tristana Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Golden Tiger,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Lunar Revel: Firecracker theme with: Dragonwing Corki Firecracker Diana Firecracker Jinx Firecracker Sejuani Firecracker Sett ...and others Firecracker Teemo Firecracker Vayne Firecracker Xin Zhao Panda Annie Prestige Firecracker Vayne Her physical features resemble a South China Tiger or a mackerel tabby , aka tiger cat. She bears resemblance to Master Tigress from Kung Fu Panda . She might also resemble the Pokémon Litten. Both have same markings on the forehead which might depict the Sulphur alchemical symbol. She is seen sharing a snack with Firecracker Teemo . Boomer takes the form of a tiger that spews firecrackers. In the Wild Rift Cinematic “Almost Home” Tristana used Boomer as a rocket propulsion to lift the gondola that was falling, to safety. Spirit Blossom Tristana Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Night Blossom,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the Spirit Blossom theme with: Prestige Spirit Blossom Teemo Spirit Blossom Ahri Spirit Blossom Darius Spirit Blossom Evelynn Spirit Blossom Kindred ...and others Spirit Blossom Sett Spirit Blossom Teemo Spirit Blossom Thresh Spirit Blossom Yone Spirit Blossom Yorick She represents the Spirit of Chance in the Spirit Blossom festival. References [ ] ↑ The Next Tristana Skin Is… ↑ Choose The Next Tristana Skin ↑ Little Demon Tristana: Splash Art VFX ↑ Little Demon Tristana: Model & SFX ↑ The Latest on Little Demon Tristana ↑ Final Update on Little Demon Tristana