For the virtual band and associated content, see True Damage . For the other types of damage see: Magic damage and Physical damage . True damage is one of the three types of damage in League of Legends . Effects that deal true damage are the least common of the three damage types. True damage is dealt by a portion of all damaging spells from champions , items , runes , and buffs , as well as all damaging summoner spells Unless otherwise stated, true damage ignores incoming damage reduction (e.g. armor and magic resistance , Unbreakable Will , Exhaust ) as well as incoming damage amplification (e.g. Hemoplague , Press the Attack , Last Stand ). Contents 1 Blocking true damage 2 Countering true damage 3 Dealing true damage 3.1 Champion abilities 3.2 Items 3.3 Summoner spells 3.4 Runes 3.5 Neutral Buffs 3.6 Neutral Monsters 4 Notes 5 References Blocking true damage [ ] Abilities or summoner spells which deal true damage are still blocked by spell shield , unless otherwise noted. Parries can block the true damage from basic attacks and on-hit effects. Invulnerability will block all types of damage including true damage. Countering true damage [ ] True damage cannot be mitigated or reduced, but there are ways to counter it: Stacking health causes sources of flat true damage (e.g. Ignite ) to effectively deal a lesser percentage of total health. Normal shields can absorb true damage at any amount. Dealing true damage [ ] Champion abilities [ ] Ahri's Orb of Deception * Akshan's Comeuppance * Amumu's Cursed Touch Aurelion Sol's Singularity * Bel'Veth's Endless Banquet Camille's Precision Protocol * Cho'Gath's Feast Darius' Noxian Guillotine Draven's Whirling Death * Fiora's Duelist's Dance Gangplank's Trial by Fire and Cannon Barrage with Death's Daughter upgrade * Garen's Demacian Justice Gwen's Snip Snip! * Ivern's Friend of the Forest * Kog'Maw's Icathian Surprise K'Sante's Dauntless Instinct * Lillia's Blooming Blows * Master Yi's Wuju Style Nunu's Consume * Olaf's Reckless Swing Pyke's Death from Below * Rek'Sai's Furious Bite * Renata Glasc's Bailout * Samira's Taunt Sett's Haymaker * Smolder's Super Scorcher Breath Syndra's Force of Will and Unleashed Power with Transcendent Twitch's Deadly Venom Urgot's Mercy * Vayne's Silver Bolts Vel'Koz's Organic Deconstruction and Life Form Disintegration Ray Yone's Soul Unbound * Zoe's Sleepy Trouble Bubble * Items [ ] Death's Dance (self damage) Elixir of Avarice Elixir of Sorcery Gustwalker Hatchling / Mosstomper Seedling / Scorchclaw Pup Knight's Vow (self damage) Minion Dematerializer Redemption Shadowflame The Collector Summoner spells [ ] Ignite Mark and Dash Smite ( Unleashed Smite and Primal Smite ) Runes [ ] Cheap Shot First Strike Neutral Buffs [ ] Aspect of the Dragon Crest of Cinders Hextech Dragon Soul Neutral Monsters [ ] Rift Herald * Notes [ ] The following items' damage modifiers affect true damage dealt: Bloodsong's Spellblade Haunting Guise's Madness Horizon Focus' Hypershot Liandry's Torment's Suffering Navori Quickblades' Impermanence Riftmaker's Void Corruption Spear of Shojin's Focused Will Despite popular belief, champions whose abilities have health costs associated with them do not deal true damage to themselves when they use an ability which requires health to cast . This can be evidenced when they have a shield on them. When they use their health-based ability, the cost of health penetrates the shield and directly drains the health of the user, in contrary to true damage that has to break any shield on the target to reach their health. This also applies to invulnerability . The Nexus Obelisk deals a unique form of true damage [1] that additionally bypasses every damage-event related effect in the game, including shields , damage transfers , death immunity , and invulnerability effects. Furthermore, since it doesn't register as a damage event, it will not flag the champion with 'in combat' status, with some exceptions. This is classified as internal raw . If the target becomes untargetable after the turret's attack wind up started, the turret will drop aggro but that specific attack will still fire and hit the target through untargetability. As of patch V3.15 , true damage is no longer amplified by abilities such as Zed's Death Mark and Vladimir's Hemoplague . Items that amplify true damage continue to exist however, starting with the now-removed Mythic item launch in patch V10.23 . References ↑ V4.21 Patch Notes, section Skirmisher's Saber Champion statistics Offensive Ability power · Attack damage · Attack speed · Critical strike chance · Critical strike damage · Armor penetration · Magic penetration · Life steal · Omnivamp · Physical vamp · True damage Defensive Heal and shield power · Health · Health regeneration · Armor · Magic resistance · Tenacity · Slow resist Utility Ability haste · Energy · Energy regeneration · Mana · Mana regeneration Movement speed · Range Other Experience · Gold generation Gameplay Elements Targeting Types Auto ( Passive · Self ) · Direction · Location · Unit · Proximity · Vector ( Collision · Radius ) Unit types Champion · Minion · Monster · Pets · Structures ( Turret · Inhibitor · Nexus ) Effect types Ability effects · Attack effects ( On-hit ) · Area of effect · Damage over time · Heal · Multi-hit · Redirected damage · Shield · Single-targeted Ability types Attached · Aura · Blink · Buff · Channel · Combat status · Crowd control · Damage ( Ability · Basic · Magic · Physical · True · Nexus Obelisk · Execution ) · Dash · Debuff · Invulnerability · Pet · Projectile · Sight · Spell shield · Stealth · Tether · Untargetability · Ward