Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Tryndamere View in 3D 585 / 30-Apr-2009 King Tryndamere View in 3D 520 / 21-Sep-2010 Demonblade Tryndamere View in 3D 1820 / 01-Aug-2011 Sultan Tryndamere View in 3D 975 / 26-Sep-2012 Nightmare Tryndamere View in 3D 750 / 07-Jun-2015 Beast Hunter Tryndamere View in 3D 750 / 04-Feb-2016 Chemtech Tryndamere View in 3D 975 / 05-Jun-2017 Blood Moon Tryndamere View in 3D 1350 / 20-Feb-2020 Nightbringer Tryndamere View in 3D 1350 / 23-Sep-2021 Blood Moon Tryndamere Chromas Amethyst Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Ruby Sapphire Nightbringer Tryndamere Chromas Amethyst Catseye Deathbringer Emerald Obsidian Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Legacy Vault Highland Tryndamere View in 3D 520 / 16-Mar-2010 Viking Tryndamere View in 3D 750 / 24-Jun-2011 Warring Kingdoms Tryndamere View in 3D 975 / 28-Jan-2014 Upcoming Victorious Tryndamere View in 3D Special / N/A Victorious Tryndamere Chromas Bronze Challenger Diamond Emerald Gold Grandmaster Master Platinum Silver Screenshots [ ] Sultan Tryndamere Warring Kingdoms Tryndamere Nightmare Tryndamere Classic Tryndamere (Visual VFX Update) Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Barbarous Health Healing from Bloodlust (Q) Savage Strikes Consecutive critical Attacks against the same champion Undying Dives Champions killed while Undying Rage (R) is active Chicken Hit Takedowns on champions within 6s of being slowed by Mocking Shout (W) Is That All You Got? Lethal damage ignored during Undying Rage (R) Spinning Top Subsequent Spinning Slash (E) casts that hit champions within 8s Trivia [ ] Original Tryndamere The Fortress of the Iceborn can be seen in the background. His pose from his very first splash art was reused for the first splash art for his Highland skin. King Tryndamere This skin shares the Medieval theme with: Blacksmith Poppy Little Knight Amumu Medieval Twitch Queen Ashe Sir Kled Sorceress Lux White Mage Veigar This skin represents the potential aftermath of the Freljord Civil War in which the Avarosan win and unite the tribes, with Tryndamere becoming the king and Ashe the queen. This also represents his appearance in his old lore. Highland Tryndamere This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali This skin is a reference to the Highlander franchise. "Highland" is also an old term referring to people from the Scottish Highlands. So, the skin may rather be a reference to the old Scottish warrior garb than to the previously mentioned franchise. Attendees of the Season One Championship at Dreamhack qualified for a code to unlock Viking Tryndamere . This skin later became available on 24 June 2011 for 975 RP . Viking Tryndamere This skin shares the Wonders of the World theme with: Bear Cavalry Sejuani Dynasty Ahri Masked Shaco Oktoberfest Gragas Outback Renekton ...and others Panda Teemo Sultan Tryndamere Uncle Ryze Vizier Malzahar Winged Hussar Xin Zhao This skin is a reference to the Vikings , An ancient Norse group of seafarers of Scandinavia . Demonblade Tryndamere This skin shares the Otherroads theme with: Acolyte Lee Sin Divine Soraka Foreseen Yasuo Noxus Poppy Prototype Viktor ...and others Redeemed Riven Rune Wars Renekton Runeguard Volibear Transcended Kayle Tyrant Swain This skin is an allusion to Aatrox's old quote "Tryndamere, my greatest creation" while also being evocative of the Darkin himself. In Wild Rift the skin was updated to have visuals of Tryndamere being consumed by a Darkin weapon similar to Kayn . His trailer can be seen here . This skin is possibly a reference to Nightmare from the Soul Calibur series. This skin also resembles Haru Glory from the Rave Master series. One of Haru's swords claims the wielder's soul in exchange for greatly increased strength. During the process, the sword will fuse to the wielder's arm. Tryndamere was the first champion to have a non-comical Legendary skin voice-over. He features in the A Twist of Fate cinematic . Despite being legendary tier in League of Legends , the skin is only epic tier in Wild Rift . Sultan Tryndamere This skin shares the Wonders of the World theme with: Bear Cavalry Sejuani Dynasty Ahri Masked Shaco Oktoberfest Gragas Outback Renekton ...and others Panda Teemo Uncle Ryze Viking Tryndamere Vizier Malzahar Winged Hussar Xin Zhao He was released in celebration of the Turkish Server 's launch. His clothing and the scene depicted in the splash art make him resemble an Ottoman sultan, specifically Mehmed the Conqueror . The Turkish client has a unique voiceover by actor Cihan Ünal. Warring Kingdoms Tryndamere This skin shares the Lunar Revel: Warring Kingdoms theme with: Dragonblade Riven Dragonblade Talon Warring Kingdoms Azir Warring Kingdoms Garen Warring Kingdoms Jarvan IV Warring Kingdoms Katarina Warring Kingdoms Nidalee Warring Kingdoms Vi Warring Kingdoms Xin Zhao Representing the path of power , he was released in celebration of Lunar Revel 2014 (Year of the Horse ) along with: Lunar Goddess Diana She represented the path of truth . Dragonblade Riven She represented the path of freedom . He references a famous historical Chinese general Guan Yu from the late Eastern Han era , whose military exploits Luo Guanzhong depicted prominently in Romance of the Three Kingdoms . Coincidentally, Guan Yu is a playable character in the MOBA Smite, together with the original Sun Wukong. Both also feature in Koei's Dynasty Warriors and Warriors Orochi series. In this skin, Tryndamere's sword-blade resembles that of the Azure Dragon Crescent Glaive , anachronistically associated with Guan Yu, despite that the weapon is a polearm and originates hardly before the Song dynasty in reality. Nightmare Tryndamere This skin shares the Trick-or-Treat theme with: Count Kassadin Count Kledula FrankenTibbers Annie Haunted Zyra Headless Hecarim ...and others Mundo Mundo Pumpkin Prince Amumu Ravenborn LeBlanc Trick or Treat Ekko Witch's Brew Blitzcrank The skin was initially thought to be that of a Dreadknight Tryndamere , but then turned into Nightmare . This skin is a reference to Pyramid Head from the Silent Hill franchise. Beast Hunter Tryndamere This skin shares the Prehistoric Hunters theme with: Beast Hunter Draven Beast Hunter Sejuani Boneclaw Shyvana Huntress Sivir Prehistoric Anivia ...and others Prehistoric Cho'Gath Prehistoric Renekton Primal Udyr Sabretusk Sejuani Tribal Ryze This skin is a reference to the Monster Hunter franchise. Chemtech Tryndamere This skin shares the Silver Age theme with: Augmented Singed Bioforge Darius Cryocore Brand Deadly Kennen Feral Warwick ...and others Phoenix Quinn Rocket Girl Tristana Super Kennen Super Teemo Toxic Dr. Mundo Blood Moon Tryndamere Chromas: Amethyst,  Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Ruby,  Sapphire This skin shares the Blood Moon theme with: Blood Moon Akali Blood Moon Diana Blood Moon Evelynn Blood Moon Jhin Blood Moon Katarina ...and others Blood Moon Pyke Blood Moon Shen Blood Moon Sivir Blood Moon Thresh Blood Moon Zilean Nightbringer Tryndamere Chromas: Amethyst,  Catseye,  Deathbringer,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the Nightbringer and Dawnbringer theme with: Dawnbringer Karma Dawnbringer Nidalee Dawnbringer Renekton Dawnbringer Vex Dawnbringer Yone ...and others Nightbringer Aphelios Nightbringer Kayn Nightbringer Nasus Nightbringer Vladimir Prestige Nightbringer Kayn Glorious Tryndamere This skin shares the Glorious theme with: Glorious Jinx Glorious Lulu Glorious Tryndamere Glorious Armada Jarvan IV Glorious Armada Olaf ...and others Glorious Armada Twisted Fate Glorious Crimson Evelynn Glorious Crimson Fiora Glorious Crimson Nami Glorious Crown Xin Zhao This is Wild Rift 's first exclusive skin. References [ ]