Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Twitch View in 3D 790 / 30-Apr-2009 Crime City Twitch View in 3D 975 / 13-Oct-2010 Pickpocket Twitch View in 3D 750 / 28-Nov-2014 Omega Squad Twitch View in 3D 1350 / 26-Jul-2017 Twitch Shadowfoot View in 3D 1350 / 19-Mar-2020 Dragonslayer Twitch View in 3D 1350 / 15-Apr-2021 High Noon Twitch View in 3D 1350 / 26-May-2022 Dragonslayer Twitch Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite High Noon Twitch Chromas Citrine Nomad Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Omega Squad Twitch Chromas Obsidian Pearl Sandstone Twitch Shadowfoot Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Legacy Vault Kingpin Twitch View in 3D 520 / 20-Nov-2009 Whistler Village Twitch View in 3D 520 / 12-Feb-2010 Vandal Twitch View in 3D 975 / 22-Feb-2011 SSW Twitch View in 3D 750 / 13-May-2015 Ice King Twitch View in 3D 1350 / 06-Dec-2018 Ice King Twitch Chromas Obsidian Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Rare & Limited Medieval Twitch View in 3D Special / 15-Dec-2009 Medieval Twitch Chromas Amethyst Obsidian Sapphire Screenshots [ ] Classic Twitch (Visual Update) Pickpocket Twitch SSW Twitch Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 From the Sewers Champions killed within 5s of exiting stealth from Ambush (Q) My Little Friend Multiple (2+) champions killed that have been hit with Spray and Pray (R) within 8s Virulence Champions hit by Contaminate (E) while at max stacks of Deadly Venom (P) Fester Fest Multiple champions hit with Contaminate (E) with at least 2 stacks of Deadly Venom (P) What Doesn't Kill You... True damage to champions with Deadly Venom (P) What's Your Poison? Stacks of Deadly Venom (P) applied to champions with Venom Cask (W) Trivia [ ] Original Twitch He was inspired by and references the Black Death . He resembles a Skaven from Warhammer Fantasy Battle . His very first splash art was directly tweaked for the first splash art of his Kingpin skin. Kingpin Twitch This skin shares the Bilgewater: Burning Tides theme with: Bilgewater Katarina Buccaneer Tristana Captain Gangplank Captain Fortune Cutpurse Twisted Fate ...and others Cutthroat Graves Fiddle Me Timbers Pirate Ryze Rogue Admiral Garen Sea Hunter Aatrox Whistler Village Twitch This skin shares the Winter Sports theme with: Curling Veigar Festival Kassadin Ice Toboggan Corki Team Spirit Anivia The Mighty Jax Union Jack Fiddlesticks Vancouver Amumu He was released in celebration of the 2010 Winter Olympics along with: Vancouver Amumu Team Spirit Anivia Ice Toboggan Corki Union Jack Fiddlesticks Festival Kassadin The Mighty Jax Curling Veigar He references Magdalena Neuner winning the biathlon event at the 2010 Winter Olympics at Whistler Olympic Park . Crime City Twitch This skin shares the Crime City theme with: Crime City Braum Crime City Graves Crime City Jinx Crime City Miss Fortune Gragas, Esq. Knockout Lee Sin He might be referencing Toon Patrol weasels from Who Framed Roger Rabbit , James Cagney ( "MMMmmm, you dirty rat!" ) and/or Pinstripe Potoroo from Crash Bandicoot . Medieval Twitch Chromas: Amethyst,  Obsidian,  Sapphire This skin shares the Medieval theme with: Blacksmith Poppy King Tryndamere Little Knight Amumu Queen Ashe Sir Kled Sorceress Lux White Mage Veigar He is preparing to Ambush the guards behind him. He was conceived by Grez (who chose him) and Greyrir Wolfwood (who designed a 'Medieval Twitch with a fleur-de-lis on his cape and a pot on his head') to celebrate both being the first two people to hit 350 friend referrals, and released a few months later. He and Grey Warwick used to be obtainable through Refer-A-Friend , but since it was discontinued on 05-Sep-2015, they can now be obtained exclusively through Level 5 Honor capsules. Vandal Twitch This skin shares the Vandal theme with: Hired Gun Graves Vandal Brand Vandal Gragas Vandal Jax Vandal Vladimir In his splashart he has a skull on his T-shirt. This however is not true in the in-game model. It could be referencing Marvel Comics' The Punisher . Pickpocket Twitch This skin shares the Cops and Robbers theme with: Captain Volibear Constable Trundle Officer Caitlyn Officer Vi Safecracker Evelynn Secret Agent Miss Fortune Secret Agent Xin Zhao Both he and Safecracker Evelynn are escaping after robbing the Piltover bank seen in the background. He might be referencing the titular character from Sly Cooper . SSW Twitch This skin shares the World Champions: 2014 theme with: SSW Rengar SSW Singed SSW Talon SSW Thresh He was released in celebration of Samsung Galaxy White winning the Season Four World Championship along with: SSW Rengar SSW Singed SSW Talon SSW Thresh He represents Imp . His Recall animation references him rolling around on the grass at Seoul World Cup Stadium . Omega Squad Twitch Chromas: Obsidian,  Pearl,  Sandstone This skin shares the Omega Squad theme with: Omega Squad Fizz Omega Squad Teemo Omega Squad Tristana Omega Squad Veigar Omega Squad Teemo (pre-mental breakdown) can be seen in the background. Ice King Twitch Chromas: Obsidian,  Rainbow,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Winter Wonder theme with: Frostfire Annie Frozen Prince Mundo Poro Rider Sejuani Snow Fawn Poppy Snow Man Yi ...and others Snowstorm Sivir Winter Wonder Karma Winter Wonder Lulu Winter Wonder Neeko Winter Wonder Orianna He was released in celebration of Snowdown Showdown 2018 along with: Frozen Prince Mundo Snow Man Yi Winter Wonder Neeko Winter Wonder Soraka Twitch Shadowfoot Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Rift Quest theme with: Bard Bard Braum Lionheart Demolisher Nunu & Willump Gragas Caskbreaker Lord Darius ...and others Rageborn Mundo Rugged Garen Ryze Whitebeard Sejuani Dawnchaser Varus Swiftbolt He was released along with: Talon Blackwood Taric Luminshield Gragas Caskbreaker and Sejuani Dawnchaser can be seen in the background. He bears resemblance to Stuart Little . His outfit slightly resembles Talon's . His base voice-over is modified to have a high-pitch to go with the skin's cuter appearance. Dragonslayer Twitch Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Dragon World theme with: Dragon Sorceress Zyra Dragon Trainer Lulu Dragonslayer Braum Dragonslayer Diana Dragonslayer Jarvan IV ...and others Dragonslayer Kayle Dragonslayer Trundle Dragonslayer Vayne Dragonslayer Xin Zhao Scarlet Hammer Poppy He slightly resembles a kobold from Dungeons & Dragons . Unlike most of the dragonslayers in-universe, Twitch is a lesser dragon who lives among humans. High Noon Twitch Chromas: Citrine,  Nomad,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the High Noon theme with: Bandito Fiddlesticks Cowgirl Miss Fortune High Noon Darius High Noon Hecarim High Noon Leona ...and others High Noon Senna High Noon Thresh Longhorn Alistar Sandscourge Skarner Sheriff Caitlyn References [ ]