For the main article, see Crowd control . For all sources of crowd control effects, see Types of Crowd Control/Sources This article lists and provides detailed information on all crowd control types in League of Legends . Contents 1 Summary 1.1 Notes 1.2 Interactions with Crowd Control 2 Airborne 3 Blind 4 Cripple 5 Disarm 6 Disrupt 7 Forced action 7.1 Berserk 7.2 Charm 7.3 Fear / Flee 7.4 Taunt 8 Ground 9 Kinematics 10 Knockdown 11 Nearsight 12 Silence 12.1 Polymorph 13 Drowsy &   Sleep 13.1 Drowsy 13.2 Sleep 14 Slow 15 Snare / Root 16 Stasis 17 Stun 17.1 Suspension 18 Suppression Summary [ ] Crowd Control Movement Attacking Abilities Interrupts Channels Disabled Summoner Spells Modified by Tenacity Removal Airborne (status) Disabled Disabled Disabled Yes No Blind Allowed Parried Allowed No None Yes Cripple Allowed Reduced Allowed No None Yes Disarm Allowed Disabled Allowed No None Yes Forced Action - Berserk , Charm , Flee , Taunt Uncontrollable Disabled / Uncontrollable Disabled Yes Yes Ground Partial Allowed Partial See notes Yes Kinematics Partial Allowed Allowed No None No None Nearsight Allowed Partial Partial No None No Root Disabled Allowed Partial See notes Yes Silence Allowed Allowed Disabled Yes Yes Polymorph Allowed Disabled Disabled Yes Yes Drowsy Reduced Allowed Allowed No None No Sleep Disabled Disabled Disabled Yes Yes Slow Reduced Allowed Allowed No None Yes Stasis Disabled Disabled Disabled Yes All No None Stun and Suspension Disabled Disabled Disabled Yes Yes Suppression Disabled Disabled Disabled Yes All No Notes [ ] Movement includes basic movement and mobility abilities (i.e. dashes and blinks , e.g. Ezreal's Arcane Shift or Shen's Shadow Dash ). Ground does not impede basic movement, but existing sources will also apply a slow . Attacking refers to a champion's basic attacks (by default right-click). Abilities refers to a champion's castable spells (by default , , , and ). Removal refers to cleansing effects that can remove the crowd control debuff. Root and Ground will only interrupt channeled movement abilities . Impaired movement refers to crowd control effects that inhibit the unit's movement, which includes all immobilizing effects as well as Drowsy , Ground , and Slow . Immobilizing effects refer to crowd control effects that render the unit unable to control their movement, which includes Airborne , Forced Action ( Berserk , Charm , Flee , Taunt ), Root , Sleep , Stasis , Stun ( Suspension ), and Suppression . Airborne , Knockdown , and Stasis are the only crowd control effects that interrupt dashes and displacements ( airborne status while knocked up is not changed by stasis however). Crowd control applied by one's self or an ally cannot be countered in any way (neither reduced , resisted , nor removed ) unless otherwise stated. Self- slows (e.g. Pyke's Bone Skewer , Galio's Shield of Durand , and Varus' Piercing Arrow ) will be reduced by slow resist . Brittle is a debuff that reduces a unit's effective Tenacity by 30%. It ends prematurely when the affected unit is immobilized . Forced action crowd control effects (excluding Berserk ) end prematurely if the Source dies. Berserk , Charm , Flee , and Taunt all individually apply the same debuff even from different ability sources. Forced action effects override each other when they're applied on the same target; an ongoing forced action will end prematurely when another one is applied. All crowd control effects that inhibit attacking also interrupt attack windups. In terms of crowd control, basic attacks with uncancellable windups are interrupted by polymorph only. All crowd control effects that inhibit casting will also disable abilities that can be recast, unless otherwise stated by the ability. Spell shield blocks all components of an ability, including crowd control, unless the ability itself cannot be blocked. Anivia's Glacial Storm and Samira's Inferno Trigger are special cased to be deactivated by all forms of crowd control that interrupt all channels . Crowd control applications trigger a stack for Electrocute and Phase Rush . Taunt is the only crowd control that could theoretically break stealth (due to it being interrupted by declaring an attack). Interactions with Crowd Control [ ] The following mobility spells are interrupted / prevented by immobilizations , ground , polymorph and/or silence : Akali's Shuriken Flip Akshan's Heroic Swing Aurelion Sol's Astral Flight Bard's Magical Journey Caitlyn's 90 Caliber Net Camille's Hookshot Gnar's Hop Kalista's Martial Poise Kayn's Shadow Step Neeko's Inherent Glamour Quinn's Behind Enemy Lines Rakan's Grand Entrance and Battle Dance Rek'Sai's Tunnel Smolder's Flap, Flap, Flap Taliyah's Weaver's Wall Thresh's Dark Passage Yasuo's Sweeping Blade Yuumi's You and Me! Ziggs' Satchel Charge The following interact with immobilizations and/or slows : Alistar's Triumphant Roar * Dr. Mundo's Goes Where He Pleases Fiora's Riposte Janna's Eye of the Storm Hwei's Severing Bolt Kai'Sa's Second Skin Lucian's Vigilance Nocturne's Unspeakable Horror * Samira's Daredevil Impulse Seraphine's Beat Drop * Volibear's Thundering Smash Yasuo's Last Breath * Fimbulwinter Force of Nature Solstice Sleigh Imperial Mandate Aftershock Approach Velocity Cheap Shot Electrocute First Strike Font of Life Glacial Augment Manaflow Band Phase Rush Unflinching Brittle Airborne [ ] Edit A unit that is knocked airborne is made so alongside undergoing a forced displacement in a specified direction, to a specific point, or for a set duration at its current location, during which it is also unable to control its movement, declare attacks, cast abilities, activate items or use the summoner spells Flash , Teleport , Hexflash , and Mark / Dash . Airborne is an immobilizing effect . Interrupts: Interrupts attack windups (excluding uncancellable windups ), and all channeled and charged abilities. The accompanying displacement overrides all other previous displacements , including dashes and other airborne effects. Reduction: The duration of airborne and its forced movement execution time is unaffected by Tenacity . Resist: Resisted by crowd control immunity , displacement immunity , and Dr. Mundo's Goes Where He Pleases . Removal: The forced movement that is applied alongside airborne effects cannot be removed by cleanses, which innately disables attacking and moving and can be overridden by dashing or blinking . Cleansing effects, with the exceptions of Milio's Breath of Life , Cleanse , Mikael's Blessing , and Quicksilver , remove the airborne status effect. A forced displacement is also referred to as the following: Knock aside (knocked in a direction perpendicular to the source) Knock back (knocked in a direction directly away from the point of cast) Knock up (knocked a very small distance in a random direction on the spot) Pull (knocked in a direction toward the point of cast, and in some cases over the point of cast) To expand upon the countering of airborne, consider that the effect is made up of two components: a movement modifier (called a "move block" by Riot , referring to a chunk of code) and the airborne status itself (which is responsible for disabling the unit's actions). As a general rule, the most recent move block will overrule any previous move blocks , which is how Alistar's Pulverize and Headbutt combo functions. This rule also extends to all beneficial movement modifiers, such as dashes and blinks , which is why Rocket Grab and Rocket Jump will overrule each other depending on their order of activation. Most beneficial movement modifiers do not prevent the activation of abilities, allowing Tristana to still activate abilities during Rocket Jump but not during Rocket Grab . In some instances, the airborne status duration is longer than the move block (e.g. Sion's Unstoppable Onslaught ), but in most cases they are the same duration. There have been cases in the past where the airborne status duration was shorter, but this usually lead to bug-like interactions and was later "fixed" (e.g. Azir's Emperor's Divide did not apply any airborne status at all in the initial charge on the ability, which allowed his enemies to use an instant movement ability to supersede the charge's knockback and get over the wall). Poppy's Keeper's Verdict is the only airborne effect that can't have its status removed by cleanses. Blind [ ] Edit A unit that is blinded will miss their basic attacks for the duration, comparable to attacking a target that is able to dodge or block , but not mechanically similar. Missed basic attacks will fail to deal damage or apply on-hit effects, with the exception of some empowered basic attacks . Blind does not prevent the unit from declaring attacks, unlike Disarm . Interrupts: Does not interrupt any actions, but will prevent on-hit effects from being triggered by basic attacks. Reduction: The duration is affected by Tenacity . Resist: Resisted by crowd control immunity . Removal: Removed by Cleanses with the exception of Mikael's Blessing . Blind has no effect on abilities that trigger on-hit effects (e.g. Mystic Shot , Parrrley , and Steel Tempest ). Blinded enemies will only miss if the attack is declared while blinded ; ranged units still hit if the projectile fires before the blind , and vice versa. Blind takes priority if the attack would be dodged or blocked . Blind causes both Graves' shotgun and Zeri's Burst Fire to fire their projectiles in a random direction, excluding the target direction. These attacks do deal damage. Cripple [ ] Edit A unit that is crippled has reduced attack speed for the duration. Interrupts: Does not interrupt any actions. Reduction: The duration is affected by Tenacity . Resist: Resisted by crowd control immunity and cripple immunity . Removal: Removed by Cleanses and specifically Master Yi's Highlander . Note that while Mordekaiser's Realm of Death reduces attack speed , it is not considered a cripple because its stat reduction debuff is not tagged as crowd control. Disarm [ ] Edit A unit that is disarmed is unable to declare basic attack commands for the duration. Interrupts: Interrupts basic attack windups (excluding uncancellable windups ) and Samira's Inferno Trigger . Reduction: The duration is affected by Tenacity . Resist: Resisted by crowd control immunity . Removal: Removed by Cleanses with the exceptions of Yone's Soul Unbound (recast) and Mikael's Blessing . Reloading is mechanically similar to being disarmed , which is featured on Graves and Jhin , but is considered a lockout . Disrupt [ ] Edit When a unit is disrupted , it has their channeled and charged abilities interrupted . Unlike Silence , the unit can still cast abilities . Disrupt is not, and does not apply, a status effect . Interrupts: Interrupts all channeled and charged abilities . Reduction: The effect is instantaneous. There is nothing to reduce. Resist: Resisted by crowd control immunity . Removal: The effect is instantaneous. There is nothing to remove. Forced action [ ] Berserk [ ] Edit A unit that is berserk will attempt to perform basic attacks on a nearby unit for the duration, during which they're unable to perform issued movement or attack commands, cast abilities, activate items or use the summoner spells Flash , Teleport , Hexflash , and Mark / Dash . Any associated effects included with basic attacks can persist beyond the Berserk duration. Berserk is an immobilizing effect . Forced action effects cannot force the unit to perform an action that is disabled. Units that are berserk search for targets within a 1000 radius of them. Sources of berserk have their own targeting priority system. Interrupts: Interrupts attack windups (excluding uncancellable windups and windups against the acquired target) and all channeled and charged abilities, as well as overrides previous Forced Action effects. Reduction: The duration is affected by Tenacity . Resist: Resisted by crowd control immunity and Dr. Mundo's Goes Where He Pleases . Removal: Removed by Cleanses . Debuffs applied by berserked units through their basic attacks will still be sourced from them. While Berserked , basic attacks with effects that target nearby enemies will also be able to target allied units (excluding self). Berserked units consider allies hostile only within the logic of basic attack targeting. Other attacks such as those sourced from spells and abilities are unaffected. Berserked units can target nearby units regardless of visibility, but will not be able to attack stealthed units. Charm [ ] For the item , see Faerie Charm Edit A unit that is charmed is forced to move directly toward the Source (the unit that casted the Charm spell) for the duration, during which they're unable to perform issued movement commands, declare attacks, cast abilities, activate items or use the summoner spells Flash , Teleport , Hexflash , and Mark / Dash . All charms also apply a slow . Charm is an immobilizing effect . Forced action effects cannot force the unit to perform an action that is disabled. Interrupts: Interrupts attack windups (excluding uncancellable windups ) and all channeled and charged abilities, as well as overrides previous Forced Action effects. Reduction: The duration is affected by Tenacity . Resist: Resisted by crowd control immunity and Dr. Mundo's Goes Where He Pleases . Removal: Removed by Cleanses or when the Source dies. Fear / Flee [ ] Edit A unit that is fleeing or feared is forced to move directly away from the Source (the unit that casted the Fear spell) for the duration, during which they're unable to perform issued movement commands, declare attacks, cast abilities, activate items or use the summoner spells Flash , Teleport , Hexflash , and Mark / Dash . All fears also apply a slow . Flee is an immobilizing effect . Forced action effects cannot force the unit to perform an action that is disabled. Interrupts: Interrupts attack windups (excluding uncancellable windups ) and all channeled and charged abilities, as well as overrides previous Forced Action effects. Reduction: The duration is affected by Tenacity . Resist: Resisted by crowd control immunity and Dr. Mundo's Goes Where He Pleases . Removal: Removed by Cleanses or when the Source dies. Note that, while Fear is now synonymous with Flee , it is technically still the name of a now-deprecated form of Crowd Control that had the target move around aimlessly. Taunt [ ] Edit A unit that is taunted will attempt to perform basic attacks on the Source (the unit that casted the Taunt spell) for the duration, during which they're unable to perform issued movement or attack commands, cast abilities, activate items or use the summoner spells Flash , Teleport , Hexflash , and Mark / Dash . Taunt is an immobilizing effect . Forced action effects cannot force the unit to perform an action that is disabled. Interrupts: Interrupts attack windups (excluding uncancellable windups and windups against the Source ) and all channeled and charged abilities, as well as overrides previous Forced Action effects. Reduction: The duration is affected by Tenacity . Resist: Resisted by crowd control immunity and Dr. Mundo's Goes Where He Pleases . Removal: Removed by Cleanses or when the Source dies. Ground [ ] Edit A unit that is grounded is unable to activate movement spells for the duration. This effect does not innately knockdown a target that is already performing a dash. Grounded units can still be displaced. Movement spells include all dash and blink abilities - including Recall / Empowered Recall and the summoner spells Flash , Teleport , Hexflash , and Dash , plus a number of additional cases. Ground is the only type of crowd control that is most commonly found in persistent area of effects, which will reapply the status effect continuously. Interrupts: Interrupts movement channels unless otherwise stated . Reduction: The duration is affected by Tenacity . Resist: Resisted by crowd control immunity . Removal: Removed by Cleanses with the exceptions of Yone's Soul Unbound (recast). Kinematics [ ] Edit A unit that is under the effect of kinematics will be continually dragged to a specific unit or location until they reach it. Kinematics has no effect on units that are performing any form of movement other than basic movement and other kinematic effects. Kinematics should not be confused as an airborne effect nor displacement effect. It does not disable any of the unit's actions. Interrupts: Does not interrupt any actions, but will prevent the unit from effectively pathing to their intended location through basic movement. Reduction: The effect is instantaneous. There is nothing to reduce. Resist: Resisted by crowd control immunity and displacement immunity . Removal: Removed by leaving the source of the area of effect. The effect is instantaneous. There is nothing to cleanse. Knockdown [ ] Edit Knockdown only affects units that are performing a dash or being displaced by an airborne effect. A unit that is knocked down has its dash or displacement interrupted and is placed on the ground instantly. Knockdown is not a status effect . Interrupts: Interrupts all dashes and airborne effects (displacement and status effects). Knock ups will not have their airborne status removed if there is no sourced debuff, but their displacement still ends. Reduction: The effect is instantaneous. There is nothing to reduce. Resist: Resisted by crowd control immunity and displacement immunity . Removal: The effect is instantaneous. There is nothing to remove. Nearsight [ ] Edit A unit that is nearsighted has their sight radius reduced and cannot see beyond their sight radius. While nearsighted, units cannot reveal stealthed wards or traps . Nearsighted units lose vision of all their allies as well as all external sources of vision (including from wards or abilities). This prevents unit-targeted effects, including basic attacks , from being used outside of the unit's reduced sight radius. True sight and unobstructed vision do not bypass the vision blocked by nearsight . Interrupts: Interrupts target commands if the nearsighted unit's target is outside of their new vision area and prevents automated target acquisition . Reduction: The duration is unaffected by Tenacity . Resist: Resisted by crowd control immunity with the exceptions of Fiora's Riposte and Morgana's Black Shield . Removal: Removed by Cleanses with the exceptions of Yone's Soul Unbound (recast), Cleanse , and Mikael's Blessing . The following abilities from said champions apply nearsight : Quinn's Blinding Assault reduces sight radius of the enemy target to 350 units. Nocturne's Paranoia reduces sight radius of enemy champions 「 to 1,050 units. 」 「 by 300 units. 」 Graves' Smoke Screen reduces sight radius of enemies inside the bubble to 250 units oriented to the center, but grants them vision of the entire smoke bubble. Resisting and removal effects will only apply to the loss of shared vision from this ability. Enemies outside Smoke Screen cannot see through its area of effect and vice versa by any means. This is not a status effect. The allied portrait icons do not update while nearsighted unless an ally dies ; the health, resource, level, and ultimate indicators do not change from at the time of being nearsighted initially. This also applies to the tab view for seeing the item inventory for all champions in a match. Multiple applications of nearsight debuffs will only consider the one with the greatest sight reduction . Since sight is shared, allies will also not be able to see further than their nearsighted ally's sight radius. This vision can still be effectively granted by other allies near the affected ally, in which case some, or all, of the lost vision is recovered. Some abilities that reveal the caster will reveal through nearsight. This includes: Ace in the Hole , Bountiful Harvest , Comeuppance , Hounds' Pursuit , Infinite Duress , and Life Form Disintegration Ray . True sight cannot reveal through nearsight. The only exceptions are: Ace in the Hole , Bountiful Harvest , Comeuppance , Ethereal Chains , Focused Resolve , Hounds' Pursuit , and Soul Shackles . Silence [ ] Edit A unit that is silenced is unable to cast abilities, activate items or use the summoner spells Flash , Teleport , Hexflash , and Mark / Dash for the duration. Interrupts: Interrupts all channeled and charged abilities. Reduction: The duration is affected by Tenacity . Resist: Resisted by crowd control immunity . Removal: Removed by Cleanses with the exception of Yone's Soul Unbound (recast). Polymorph [ ] Edit A unit that is polymorphed is silenced and turned into a helpless critter. A unit that is silenced is unable to cast abilities, activate items or use the summoner spells Flash , Teleport , Hexflash , and Mark / Dash for the duration. Polymorph combines silence with additional effects; it is the signature effect of Lulu's Whimsy , which also disarms and reduces the target's movement speed for the duration. Interrupts: Interrupts all attack windups (including uncancellable windups ) and all channeled and charged abilities. Reduction: The duration is affected by Tenacity . Resist: Resisted by crowd control immunity . Removal: Removed by Cleanses . Drowsy & Sleep [ ] Drowsy [ ] Edit A unit that is drowsy is slowed , and afterwards will fall asleep . Removing drowsy or being displacement immune or immune to crowd control at its end will prevent sleep from occurring. Interrupts: Does not interrupt any actions. Reduction: The duration is unaffected by Tenacity . Resist: Resisted by crowd control immunity . Removal: Removed by Cleanses . Slow resist , slow immunity and slow removals ( Biggest Snowball Ever! , Decisive Strike , Highlander ) can be used to (respectively) weaken, prevent or remove the associated slow , however, it does not prevent from falling asleep after the duration. Tenacity gained while drowsy will still affect the duration of the sleep . Sleep [ ] Edit A unit that is asleep is unable to control its movement, declare attacks, cast abilities, activate items or use the summoner spells Flash , Teleport , Hexflash , and Mark / Dash for the duration. Sleep occurs after the duration of drowsiness finishes. Sleep is an immobilizing effect . Interrupts: Falling asleep interrupts attack windups (excluding uncancellable basic attacks ) and all channeled and charged abilities. Reduction: The duration is affected by Tenacity . Resist: Resisted by crowd control immunity , displacement immunity , and Dr. Mundo's Goes Where He Pleases . Removal: Removed by Cleanses and taking damage (excluding damage from persistent damage , minions , and small and medium monsters , and any damage smaller than or equal to 10 post-mitigation). Slow [ ] Edit A unit that is slowed has reduced movement speed for the duration. Slow percentages cannot reduce a target below 110 movement speed . Some slows will instead modify the target's movement speed to a static value, which may not be further reduced nor increased. Only the slow with the highest value is taken into movement speed calculations. All additional slows are ignored until the higher-valued slow wears off. The strength of slows may amplify or decay over their duration. Slows of the same debuff cannot stack and will instead refresh on each application unless otherwise stated. Interrupts: Does not interrupt any actions. Reduction: The duration is affected by Tenacity . The strength is reduced by slow resist . Resist: Resisted by crowd control immunity and slow immunity . Removal: Removed by Cleanses (except Yone's Soul Unbound recast), Garen's Decisive Strike , Master Yi's Highlander and Nunu's Biggest Snowball Ever! . Galio's Shield of Durand and Shaco's Jack in the Box are the only abilities that can reduce movement speed below 110, to 60 and 100 respectively. This movement speed is set and cannot be modified, but it can still be cleansed and mitigated by slow-immunity . Snare / Root [ ] Edit A unit that is rooted is unable to control its movement or activate movement spells for the duration. This effect does not innately knockdown a target that is already performing a dash. Rooted units can still be displaced. Root is an immobilizing effect . Moving includes movement commands. Movement spells include all dash and blink abilities - including Recall / Empowered Recall and the summoner spells Flash , Teleport , Hexflash , and Dash , plus a number of additional cases. Interrupts: Interrupts movement channels unless otherwise stated . Reduction: The duration is affected by Tenacity . Resist: Resisted by crowd control immunity and Dr. Mundo's Goes Where He Pleases . Removal: Removed by Cleanses . Stasis [ ] For the named item effect , see Stasis Edit A unit that is in stasis is unable to control its movement, declare attacks, cast abilities, activate items or use any summoner spell for the duration, while also being invulnerable and untargetable . Stasis is an immobilizing effect . Interrupts: Interrupts attack windups (excluding uncancellable windups ), all channeled and charged abilities and all dashes and displacements . Units that are being knocked up will be placed on the ground, but aren't knocked down (the airborne status is not removed in this case). Reduction: The duration is unaffected by Tenacity . Resist: Resisted by crowd control immunity , displacement immunity , and Dr. Mundo's Goes Where He Pleases . Epic monsters and turrets are special cased to be affected by stasis despite them being crowd control immune . Removal: Cannot be removed by any means (except through death ), and will prevent the activation of abilities that would usually remove crowd control effects. Quicksilver will either be placed on a short cooldown, remain usable, or become disabled. Stun [ ] Edit A unit that is stunned is unable to control its movement, declare attacks, cast abilities, activate items or use the summoner spells Flash , Teleport , Hexflash , and Mark / Dash for the duration. Stun is an immobilizing effect . Interrupts: Interrupts attack windups (excluding uncancellable windups ) and all channeled and charged abilities. Reduction: The duration is affected by Tenacity . Resist: Resisted by crowd control immunity and Dr. Mundo's Goes Where He Pleases . Removal: Removed by Cleanses . Suspension [ ] Edit A unit that is suspended is stunned for the duration. It also pretends to be airborne while the stun holds ( Last Breath can be cast on a suspended enemy). A unit that is stunned is unable to control its movement, declare attacks, cast abilities, activate items or use the summoner spells Flash , Teleport , Hexflash , and Mark / Dash for the duration. Suspension is an immobilizing effect . Unlike common stuns , suspension is prevented by effects that prevent displacements and becoming suspended also interrupts the ongoing movement of dashes and airborne effects.

Like common stuns , it is affected by Tenacity and can be fully removed by cleansing effects. Interrupts: Interrupts attack windups (excluding uncancellable windups ) and all channeled and charged abilities and all dashes and airborne effects (displacement and status effects). Knock ups will not have their airborne status removed if there is no sourced debuff, but their forced movement still ends. Reduction: The duration is affected by Tenacity . Resist: Resisted by crowd control immunity , displacement immunity , and Dr. Mundo's Goes Where He Pleases . Removal: Fully removed by Cleanses . Abilities that apply both an airborne effect and a stun (such as Vel'Koz's Tectonic Disruption or Zac's Elastic Slingshot ) are not sources of suspension and should not be confused with being so. This form of crowd control is special and is unique to Nami's Aqua Prison . Yasuo's Last Breath is not considered suspension despite behaving as such when cleansed . It is a knock up that was special cased to have its airborne status effect in addition to its displacement removed when it is cleansed. Suppression [ ] Edit A unit that is suppressed is unable to control its movement, declare attacks, cast abilities, activate items or use any summoner spell for the duration. Suppression is an immobilizing effect . Interrupts: Interrupts attack windups (excluding uncancellable windups ) and all channeled and charged abilities. Reduction: The duration is unaffected by Tenacity . Resist: Resisted by crowd control immunity and Dr. Mundo's Goes Where He Pleases . Removal: Removed by Cleanses with the exceptions of Cleanse and Mikael's Blessing . The following abilities that apply suppression also override dashes and displacements : Devour Fear Beyond Death Impale The Show Stopper The following abilities that apply suppression also knockdown the target: Infinite Duress Nether Grasp Mordekaiser's Realm of Death has the same removal interactions as suppression but neither has the disabling properties nor is assigned a crowd control debuff type strictly speaking.