Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Udyr View in 3D 585 / 02-Dec-2009 Black Belt Udyr View in 3D 520 / 18-Jul-2010 Spirit Guard Udyr View in 3D 3250 / 16-Jul-2013 Definitely Not Udyr View in 3D 975 / 31-Mar-2015 Dragon Oracle Udyr View in 3D 1350 / 15-Aug-2019 Inkshadow Udyr View in 3D 1350 / 03-May-2023 Inkshadow Udyr Chromas Inked Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Spirit Guard Udyr forms Bear Phoenix Tiger Turtle Legacy Vault Primal Udyr View in 3D 975 / 06-Dec-2010 Alternate Artwork [ ] Spirit Guard Udyr (Bear Stance) Spirit Guard Udyr (Tiger Stance) Spirit Guard Udyr (Turtle Stance) Screenshots [ ] Definitely Not Udyr Dragon Oracle Udyr Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Bear Slaps Enemy champions stunned with a Bear Stance (E) auto attack Ferocious Stance Bonus damage dealt by Tiger Stance (Q) auto attacks to champions, epic monsters or large monsters Flow Like Water Time spent at max stacks of Monkey's Agility (P) Forge God's Fire Champions stunned with Blazing Stampede (E) Thousand Pierced Fury Bonus Damage done by Wilding Claw (Q) on Isolated champions Training of Hirana Bridge Between (P) empowered Attacks on champions Armor of the Firstborn Immobilizing effects from champions blocked with Awakened Blazing Stampede (E) Ildhaurg's Protection Damage blocked with shields from Iron Mantle (W) in champion combat Winter Mother's Grace Time champions spent Slowed by Wingborne Storm (R) Trivia [ ] Original Udyr In his splash art, Udyr is surrounded by four animal totems (a ram, a boar, a bear, and a bird), representing the Freljordian demigods related to his abilities ( Ornn , the 8 Iron Boar , the Volibear , and Anivia , respectively). Original Udyr The scene depicted has him using Bear Stance . Black Belt Udyr This skin shares the Day Job theme with: Almost-Prom King Amumu Boom Boom Blitzcrank Corporate Mundo Fisherman Fizz French Maid Nidalee ...and others Matador Alistar Prestigious LeBlanc Primetime Draven Prom Queen Annie Scuba Gragas He is a karate instructor wearing a black belt , which denotes high competence in a martial art. Muay Thai Lee Sin can be seen in the background of his splash art. The dojo in his splash art includes references to the Freljordian demigods tied to Udyr's abilities/stances. A ram icon on the wall, referencing Ornn . A framed picture of a bear, referencing Volibear . Banners of a boar and a bird hanging from the ceiling, referencing 8 the Iron Boar and Anivia , respectively. Black Belt Udyr A new texture was accidentally pushed to the PBE before his rework was fully revealed two months later, this eventually reached live servers and later fixed. A similar error has also happened with Dragonslayer Pantheon and Foxfire Ahri . The splash art suggests he is in his Phoenix Stance . Primal Udyr This skin shares the Prehistoric Hunters theme with: Beast Hunter Draven Beast Hunter Sejuani Beast Hunter Tryndamere Boneclaw Shyvana Huntress Sivir ...and others Prehistoric Anivia Prehistoric Cho'Gath Prehistoric Renekton Sabretusk Sejuani Tribal Ryze Primal Udyr This skin references the Four Beasts of Cardinal Directions , like Udyr's classic , albeit the bear is antlered, probably paying homage to the Azure Dragon . Spirit Guard Udyr Chromas: Bear,  Phoenix,  Tiger,  Turtle The theme behind this skin was originally conceptualized as one of the possible outcomes for Runeterra . In this future, Udyr reaches inner harmony and conquers his rage during his time with the Ionian monks. He then guards the Hirana Monastery from demons and corrupt monsters that would use the Temple's power for the destruction of Runeterra. With the release of the short story A Walk with the Voices , the skin itself was made canon into the Runeterra Prime universe as how Udyr looked like during his time in Ionia and for the short period of time after his return to the Freljord. However, the original Spirit Guard comic is not considered part of the main canon. [1] This skin represents an alternate timeline in which Udyr chose to stay in Ionia and complete his training, rather than return home to the Freljord to protect Sejuani .  With the help of the monks of the Hirana Order , Udyr finds his inner harmony and conquers his rage completely. This stands in strong contrast to Udyr's non-ultimate skins, which represent his feral nature and somewhat still-uncontrolled rage. After Udyr's Visual Gameplay Update (VGU), this is the only skin that retains his pre-VGU animal spirits, which represent Ionian spirits rather than the Freljordian demigods. Claw Stance replaces the Storm Bear with the Prowling Tiger spirit (references old Tiger Stance ). Mantle Stance replaces the 8 Iron Boar with the Immovable Turtle spirit (references old Turtle Stance ). Stampede Stance replaces the Fire Ram with the Mother Bear spirit (references old Bear Stance ). Storm Stance replaces the Frost Phoenix with the Blazing Phoenix spirit (references old Phoenix Stance ). His appearance and clothing style parody Japanese monks' appearance, with comically oversized & incorrectly worn prayer beads , hakama , geta , samurai's kote , & stylized non-Japanese lungi , yet without the kesa robe. His outfit bears a striking resemblance to the Sura Master NPC from Ragnarok Online. After spending 4 points into an ability, he gains the ultimate form of that ability. His Dance, Laugh, and Taunt emotes summon whichever spirit corresponds to his current stance. His Joke emote references Marilyn Monroe 's iconic white dress scene from the film The Seven Year Itch . Spirit Guard Udyr His Level 5 Bear Stance has a similarity to the Street Fighter character Oni , one of Akuma's alternate forms. Both have bluish glowing skin and aura, a large prayer beads, bear-claw shaped hands, exposed upper bodies and gruffy hairstyle resembling flames. His old Dance would summon all four spirits in sequence once any given ability reached rank 5. His old Joke summoned Urf , which explained where Urf's spirit went after being killed by Warwick . Definitely Not Udyr This skin shares the Definitely Not theme with: Definitely Not Blitzcrank Definitely Not Vel'Koz Draven Draven Furyhorn Cosplay Veigar Overlord Malzahar Pajama Guardian Cosplay Urgot Pengu Cosplay Tristana He is taking a group selfie while striking a pose, but his smartphone can't detect Surprise Party Amumu , who got locked out of his own party. He was released in celebration of April Fools' Day 2015 along with: Surprise Party Amumu Urf the Nami-tee Archduke Nasus Order of the Banana Soraka He switches between a Volibear , 8 Iron Boar , Ornn , and Anivia onesie for each ability/stance. His Recall animation is probably a reference to Usain Bolt's Signature "Lighting Bolt" Celebration Pose . Definitely Not Udyr He switches between a tiger , turtle , bear , and phoenix onesie for each stance. Dragon Oracle Udyr This skin shares the Dragon World theme with: Dragon Sorceress Zyra Dragon Trainer Lulu Dragonslayer Braum Dragonslayer Diana Dragonslayer Jarvan IV ...and others Dragonslayer Kayle Dragonslayer Twitch Dragonslayer Vayne Dragonslayer Xin Zhao Scarlet Hammer Poppy Dragonslayer Xin Zhao can be seen in the background of his splash art. His stances have draconic features, as they are derived from the powers of dragon spirits. Dragon Oracle Udyr This was Udyr's first skin to have a new run animation outside of Spirit Guard Udyr . Inkshadow Udyr Chromas: Inked,  Obsidian,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire This skin shares the Inkshadow theme with: Inkshadow Aurelion Sol Inkshadow Kai'Sa Inkshadow Master Yi Inkshadow Volibear Inkshadow Yasuo Inkshadow Yone Prestige Inkshadow Yasuo Inkshadow Yasuo can be seen in the splash art. References [ ] ↑ Spirit Guard comic not main canon