Fizz being untargetable while using Playful . The health bar usually has a translucent appearance to indicate the untargetable status. Otherwise, it is invisible. Untargetability refers to units in a state where they are no longer valid targets for aura , unit-targeted , auto-targeted , direction-targeted and location-targeted effects, including those sourced by basic attacks , abilities , summoner spells , item effects , item actives , and runes . All units become untargetable at the end of a match. Effects that have already been applied, such as buffs or debuffs , are not invalidated by untargetability . Notable examples include damage over time , tethers , and delayed abilities such as Death Mark , Sleepy Trouble Bubble , and Time Bomb . The act of becoming untargetable will also interrupt any effects that have already acquired the unit as a target, such as target commands, and most untargetabilities will additionally destroy all incoming targeted projectiles (e.g. Ace in the Hole , Bouncing Blade , Frostbite , turret shots). Non-champion units (e.g. turrets , minions , monsters ) will lose aggro if their target becomes untargetable. Untargetability [ ] The following are sources of untargetability. Granted untargetabilities marked with an asterisk do not destroy inbound projectiles. Champion abilities Camille's The Hextech Ultimatum Dr. Mundo's Blunt Force Trauma * Evelynn's Last Caress Fizz's Playful Galio's Hero's Entrance Gwen's Hallowed Mist * Karthus' Death Defied * Kayn's Transformation * Kled's Dismount Kog'Maw's Icathian Surprise * Maokai's Twisted Advance Poppy's Keeper's Verdict * Ryze's Realm Warp Tahm Kench's Devour Urgot's Mercy * Viego's Sovereign's Domination * Vladimir's Sanguine Pool Xayah's Featherstorm Yuumi's You and Me! * Zac's Cell Division * Zed's Death Mark Zilean's Chronoshift * Summoner Spells Dash * Items Guardian Angel * Wards Ghost Poro The following wards are untargetable to allies only: Farsight Ward Zombie Ward Other Gates * Champion summoned units Aphelios' Sentry (while inactive) Azir's Sand Soldiers Bard's Caretaker's Shrine Caitlyn's Yordle Snap Traps Elise's Volatile Spiderling Illaoi's Test of Spirit and her Tentacles during Leap of Faith Spirit is untargetable to its allies only, and is untargetable to all units while it is being pulled. Ivern's Daisy! Untargetable on the initial cast. Jarvan IV's Demacian Standard Untargetable to enemies only. Jinx's Flame Chompers! Kindred's Wolf Lissandra's Frozen Thralls Lulu's Pix Maokai's Saplings Naafiri's Hounds' Pursuit and Eviscerate Untargetable during the windup and dash. Neeko's Shapesplitter Clone is untargetable to allies and briefly to enemies. Orianna's Ball Senna's Mist Wraiths Only targetable to Senna. Shaco's Boxes Untargetable while inactive/stealthed to enemies. Shadow Assassin's Blade's Reach Shadow Syndra's Dark Spheres Thresh's Dark Passage Untargetable to enemies only. Wukong's Decoy Untargetable to allies only. Viego's Mist Wraiths Only targetable to Viego. Wukong's Nimbus Strike Yasuo's Dashing Projection Yone's Body Zac's Goo Zed's Shadows Zyra's Seeds Untargetable to enemies only. Structures All turrets are untargetable while a lower tier turret in that lane remains standing. Destroying any inhibitor makes the nexus turrets targetable while one remains destroyed. An inhibitor is untargetable while a turret remains standing in front. The Nexus is only targetable while both its turrets as well as at least one inhibitor are destroyed. The Nexus Obelisk is always untargetable. Azir's Sun Disc do not affect the above untargetability parameters. Stasis [ ] A unit that enters stasis becomes invulnerable and untargetable , but also unable to control its movement, declare basic attacks, cast abilities, use summoner spells, or activate items. Champion abilities Bard's Tempered Fate Ekko's Chronobreak Lissandra's Frozen Tomb Affects self-cast only. Sion's Glory in Death * Syndra's Force of Will * Affects non-champions only. Items Seeker's Armguard Zhonya's Hourglass Vanish [ ] Vanish applies all the effects of becoming untargetable, but also makes the target unable to act and completely undetectable. All units are briefly vanished (but not untargetable) at the start of a match on Summoner's Rift . Portraits of vanished champions cannot be seen on the mini map. Elise's model and health bar are visible. Elise becoming vanished after casting Rappel , rendering her model and health bar hidden. Champion abilities Elise's Rappel Kalista's Fate's Call (does not grant untargetability during the dash) Kayn's Umbral Trespass K'Sante's All Out Master Yi's Alpha Strike Naafiri's Eviscerate Pantheon's Grand Starfall Rek'Sai's Void Rush Shaco's Hallucinate Tahm Kench's Abyssal Dive (does not grant untargetability) Gameplay Elements Targeting Types Auto ( Passive · Self ) · Direction · Location · Unit · Proximity · Vector ( Collision · Radius ) Unit types Champion · Minion · Monster · Pets · Structures ( Turret · Inhibitor · Nexus ) Effect types Ability effects · Attack effects ( On-hit ) · Area of effect · Damage over time · Heal · Multi-hit · Redirected damage · Shield · Single-targeted Ability types Attached · Aura · Blink · Buff · Channel · Combat status · Crowd control · Damage ( Ability · Basic · Magic · Physical · True · Nexus Obelisk · Execution ) · Dash · Debuff · Invulnerability · Pet · Projectile · Sight · Spell shield · Stealth · Tether · Untargetability · Ward