Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Urgot View in 3D 790 / 24-Aug-2010 Giant Enemy Crabgot View in 3D 520 / 24-Aug-2010 Battlecast Urgot View in 3D 1350 / 05-Mar-2012 High Noon Urgot View in 3D 1350 / 30-Aug-2018 Pajama Guardian Cosplay Urgot View in 3D 1350 / 01-Apr-2020 Fright Night Urgot View in 3D 1350 / 22-Sep-2022 Battlecast Urgot Chromas Obsidian Pearl Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Fright Night Urgot Chromas Amethyst Catseye Citrine Emerald Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise High Noon Urgot Chromas Pearl Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Pajama Guardian Cosplay Urgot Chromas Amethyst Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Legacy Vault Butcher Urgot View in 3D 520 / 24-Aug-2010 Screenshots [ ] Battlecast Urgot Classic Urgot (Full Relaunch) Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Commanding Throws Champions flung with Disdain (E) Into the Grinder Champions devoured by Fear Beyond Death (R) Shell or High Water Consecutive shotgun shells from Echoing Flame (P) landed on the same champion within 4s 12-Hours Damage to champions with Purge (W) Splash Damage Takedowns on champions within 10s of being slowed with Corrosive Charge (Q) Witness The Horror Champions feared with Fear Beyond Death (R) Trivia [ ] Original Urgot Original Urgot In his old splash art , Urgot had tubes coming out of his body that lead to his skull. They were not visible on his in-game model, though. Butcher Urgot This skin shares the Trick-or-Treat theme with: Count Kledula FrankenTibbers Annie Haunted Zyra Headless Hecarim Mundo Mundo ...and others Nightmare Tryndamere Pumpkin Prince Amumu Ravenborn LeBlanc Trick or Treat Ekko Witch's Brew Blitzcrank His pre- rework art used to reference to Leatherface from the The Texas Chainsaw Massacre series. In the background, a sign reading "Manatee 1/2 off" is visible. This is a reference to Urf . He resembles the Sadist from The Evil Within . Giant Enemy Crabgot This skin refers the eponymous trope . After his visual rework, this skin references Kaiju monsters. His splash art references a somewhat common occurrence in Kaiju films where the monster emerges from the sea depths, near a floating boat or ship. This splash may be specifically referencing the movie Pacific Rim , and the scene in which Knifehead surfaces in front of a fishing boat, only to get locked in combat with Gipsy Danger shortly after. Crabgot's appearance also references Pacific Rim as his body seems to be embedded with energy (shining through his eyes, within the claws, and other small gaps), something that is prominent with Pacific Rim's Kaiju monsters compared to monsters in other Kaiju films. He shares some similarities with the Kaiju known has Onibaba from Pacific Rim series. Battlecast Urgot Chromas: Obsidian,  Pearl,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Battlecast theme with: Battlecast Nasus Battlecast Xerath Battlecast Zac Battlecast Alpha Skarner Battlecast Prime Cho'Gath ...and others Resistance Caitlyn Resistance Illaoi Resistance Jayce Resistance Singed Resistance Yorick In the old art , he is stomping on a torn banner of Demacia while Garen's broadsword is visible in the background, implying that Urgot had slain him. He may or may not be a reference to Beyond Good and Evil's Alpha Soldiers , as Battlecast Urgot and them are very similar. He resembles the Chaos Dreadnoughts from the Warhammer 40 000 series. The Pearl chroma of the skin specificially is very similar to the color scheme of the Iron Warriors Chaos Space Marines legion. In the Nautilus Art Spotlight, around 2:50, a tab saying Urgot Mech can be seen in the top left. This was likely the development name for Battlecast Urgot. High Noon Urgot Chromas: Pearl,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the High Noon theme with: Bandito Fiddlesticks Cowgirl Miss Fortune High Noon Darius High Noon Hecarim High Noon Leona ...and others High Noon Senna High Noon Thresh Longhorn Alistar Sandscourge Skarner Sheriff Caitlyn During his Recall he stomps the ground, emerging some runes. He then sucks the energy out of the runes into his hand they dispensary. A small explosion happens on his hand, which is him opening portals into the ground that release evil spirits. [1] In his bio he's stated to have been called Jeremiah James . This name is however only canon in this skin universe. [2] He was released along with: High Noon Lucian High Noon Thresh Pajama Guardian Cosplay Urgot Chromas: Amethyst,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Definitely Not theme with: Definitely Not Blitzcrank Definitely Not Udyr Definitely Not Vel'Koz Draven Draven Furyhorn Cosplay Veigar Overlord Malzahar Pengu Cosplay Tristana He celebrates April Fools' Day 2020 along with: Pengu Cosplay Tristana Furyhorn Cosplay Veigar Pengu Cosplay Tristana and Furyhorn Cosplay Veigar can be seen in the background of his splash art, as well as figurines and posters of Star Guardian Ezreal . Each of his chromas are a reference to other Star Guardians: For his Ruby chroma, he is cosplaying Kiko, Ahri's familiar. For his Emerald chroma, he is cosplaying Pix, Lulu's familiar. For his Rose Quartz chroma, he is cosplaying Mimi, Lux's familiar. For his Obsidian chroma, he is cosplaying Riku, Rakan's familiar. For his Amethyst chroma, he is cosplaying one of the Multi, Syndra's familiars. For his Catseye chroma, he is cosplaying Boki and Baki, Miss Fortune's familiars. For his Pearl chroma, he is cosplaying as a familiar for an unknown Guardian. The skin references the meme of requesting a Star Guardian skin for Urgot, an idea considered humorous due to the tonal whiplash between pre-rework Urgot's deliberately pudgy, repulsive appearance (and later the dark and grim thematic of post-rework Urgot ) and the bright, anime-inspired aesthetic of the Star Guardian line of skins. The skin's appearance was inspired by numerous community-made designs for a Star Guardian skin for Urgot. He is a fan of Star Guardian Ezreal and his familiar Yuuto, as well as Pajama Guardian Ezreal , all of which were his inspirations for cosplaying. His design may be inspired by Senior Pink . Fright Night Urgot Chromas: Amethyst,  Catseye,  Citrine,  Emerald,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the Fright Night theme with: Fright Night Annie Fright Night Draven Fright Night Nautilus Fright Night Renata Glasc Fright Night Trundle His design takes heavy inspiration from various Tim Burton 's films. He references Oogie Boogie from The Nightmare Before Christmas . References [ ] ↑ KateyKhaos on High Noon Urgot's recall ↑ KateyKhaos on High Noon Urgot's real name