Games Universe • League of Legends • Teamfight Tactics • Wild Rift Image Urgot Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Urgot the Dreadnought Release date 2010-08-24 Last changed V13.7 Class(es) Juggernaut Legacy Fighter Tank Position(s) Top Resource Mana Range type Ranged Adaptive type Physical Store price 3150 | 790 Crafting + 1890 Ratings Damage 2 Toughness 2 Control 2 Mobility 1 Utility 1 Style Difficulty Champion Spotlight Urgot Champion Spotlight Urgot is a champion in League of Legends . [1] Gameplay • Cosmetics • Audio • Development • Patch History • History • Trivia Base statistics Urgot Edit Health 655 +102 Mana 340 +45 Health regen. (per 5s) 7.5 +0.7 Mana regen. (per 5s) 7.25 +0.8 Armor 36 +5.45 Attack damage 63 +4 Magic resist. 32 +2.05 Crit. damage 175% Move. speed 330 Attack range 350 Attack speed Base AS 0.625 Attack windup 15% AS ratio N/A Bonus AS +3.75 % Missile speed 2500 Unit radius Gameplay radius 80 Selection radius 136 Pathing radius 50 Acq. radius 550 Special statistics ARAM Nexus Blitz One For All URF Ult Spellbook Arena Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +10% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt -5% Damage Received +2% Damage Dealt +15% Damage Received -15% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Abilities [ ] Edit Echoing Flames Echoing Flames EFFECT RADIUS: 700 ANGLE: 60° Per-Leg Cooldown : 30 / 20 / 10 / 5 / 2. 5 (based on level) Innate: Urgot's six legs each conceal a shotgun that covers an arc, together forming a full circle of cover around him. Each shotgun can fire once before incurring a unique cooldown . Urgot's next basic attack on-hit within the arc of a shotgun will cause it to fire in a cone, dealing 40% − 100% (based on level) AD (+ 2% − 6% (based on level) of target's maximum health) physical damage to enemies hit, capped at 100 − 360 (based on level) against monsters . Hide Details Video Info Targeting input Passive Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Physical Counters Spell shield Parries Projectile Not Blocked See Notes Not Blocked Echoing Flames : Shotgun attack range scales with bonus attack range. Will not trigger if the target is too far away or they are dead when the basic attack hits. Will not trigger while blinded or if the basic attack is blocked by Wind Wall or Blade Whirl . It bypasses blocking and dodging effects. Will not trigger against structures nor wards . Will trigger from Runaan's Hurricane's additional bolts. Will not apply life steal , but does apply on spell vamp and omnivamp at 33% effectiveness. Will apply spell effects . Will not trigger when basic attacking certain units (e.g Shaco's Jack in the Box ), however it will trigger when attacking them with Purge . Will consume Manaflow Band if it is available. Will not consume Tear of the Goddess charges. (bug) Urgot's legs never change in orientation, with his body instead rotating on top of them; the leg that faces northeast will always face northeast. This does not affect Urgot's facing direction for the purposes of abilities such as Petrifying Gaze . Video Edit Corrosive Charge Corrosive Charge COST: 70 Mana COOLDOWN: 10 / 9. 5 / 9 / 8. 5 / 8 CAST TIME: 0. 25 TARGET RANGE: 800 EFFECT RADIUS: 210 Active: Urgot launches a canister at the target location. Upon landing, it explodes after 0. 3 seconds to deal physical damage to enemies hit and slow them for 1. 25 seconds. Physical Damage: 25 / 70 / 115 / 160 / 205 (+ 70% AD) Slow: 45 / 50 / 55 / 60 / 65% Hide Details Video Info Targeting input Location Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Physical Counters Spell shield Projectile Blocked Blocked Corrosive Charge prevents Purge from firing for 0. 3 seconds. Video Edit Purge Purge COST: 40 / 30 / 20 / 10 / 0 Mana COOLDOWN : 12 / 9 / 6 / 3 / 0 CAST TIME: none STATIC COOLDOWN : 0. 5 / 0. 25 EFFECT RADIUS: 490 SPEED: 2500 Passive: Urgot's other abilities mark enemy champions hit for 5 seconds. Only one enemy can be marked at a time. Additionally, at maximum rank, Purge lasts indefinitely and becomes a toggled ability. Active: Urgot equips his machine gun for 4 seconds, granting ghosting to minions and non-epic monsters around him and autonomously firing at the nearest enemy at a fixed 3. 0 attack speed , prioritizing marked enemy champions and refreshing the mark with every attack. While firing, Urgot is able to move and gains 40% slow resist , but his base movement speed is reduced by 125 . Attacks with Purge deal modified physical damage , with a minimum threshold of 50 against monsters and minions , and apply on-hit and on-attack damage at 50% effectiveness, but they cannot critically strike . Urgot cannot perform attacks while unable to declare basic attacks. Modified Physical Damage: 12 (+ 20 / 23. 5 / 27 / 30. 5 / 34% AD) Purge can be recast after 0. 5 seconds within the duration, and does so automatically afterwards. Recast: Urgot ends Purge . Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Video Info Targeting input Auto Damage type Type Sub-type Minion Aggro Basic damage Physical Drawn Counters Spell shield Parries Projectile Not Blocked Blocked Blocked Autonomous attack range scales with bonus attack range. Purge uses edge range for enemy targets only; Its range is center-to-edge . Urgot's size increasing does not increase its range. The initial cast and the manual recast count as ability activations for the purposes of on-cast effects such as Spellblade and triggering Force Pulse's passive. Before maximum rank, if Purge is not manually recasted, the effect will end without being considered as an ability activation. Urgot's facing direction during Purge is in the direction he's moving and not in the direction of his attack target. Before maximum rank, if continuously attacking without being interrupted or interrupting or canceling the cast, Urgot will attack 13 times. The bolts are considered basic attacks and thus apply life steal at full efficiency. During Purge , Urgot's attack range is reduced by 200 and his attack commands instead issue movement commands to walk into the respective range of his target. Slow resist does not modify flat reductions in movement speed. Percentage slows apply after the flat movement reduction. Purge's attacks do not interact with Urgot's basic attack timer. After ending Purge , he can usually attack again immediately. If Urgot is berserked or taunted , he will fire at the unit he is forced to attack. Purge will fire while Urgot is dashing (e.g. while taking Thresh's Dark Passage ), with the exception of Disdain's dash. Each shot counts as a separate hit for effects such as Electrocute , Muramana's Shock , and Eclipse's Ever Rising Moon . Purge will apply Runaan's Hurricane on every shot at 100% of the listed damage. On-hit damage applied by the bolts are still reduced by Purge . The movement speed stat tooltip erroneously reads that the bonus movement speed is being reduced before base movement speed. (bug) Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit New Effect: On-hit damage modifier now applies to the on-hit effects of the Firebrand , Heavy Hitter , Light 'em Up , and Angel of Retribution augments. Video Edit Disdain Disdain COST: 60 / 70 / 80 / 90 / 100 Mana COOLDOWN: 16 / 15. 5 / 15 / 14. 5 / 14 CAST TIME: 0. 45 TARGET RANGE: 450 SPEED: 1200 + 100% movement speed Active: Urgot grants himself a shield for 4 seconds. Shield Strength: 55 / 75 / 95 / 115 / 135 (+ 135% bonus AD) (+ 13. 5 % bonus health) After the cast time, Urgot dashes in the target direction, though not through terrain, dealing physical damage to enemies he passes through, knocking them aside and stunning them for 1 second. Physical Damage: 90 / 120 / 150 / 180 / 210 (+ 100% bonus AD) Urgot will stop upon hitting an enemy champion , stunning them for 1. 5 seconds and, after 0. 25 seconds, also flinging them to the location 100 units behind him , though not through terrain. Purge can be cast during the dash. Hide Details Video Info Targeting input Direction Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Physical Counters Spell shield Grounded Knockdown Blocked Disabled Interrupted Urgot turns around when tossing an enemy over him, always facing his victim. The target will be flung to the location behind Urgot over 0. 5 seconds given that they do not move nor are moved from the position at which they collided with him while stunned . Disdain prevents Purge from firing for 1. 25 seconds. The range indicator length is 475 units, but the dash only moves Urgot 450 units. This ability will cast from wherever the caster is at the end of the cast time. The shield is granted at the start of the cast time while the dash begins after. The fling will occur after 0. 25 seconds regardless of how far away the target is. Displacement immunity will not resist the application of the stun . Video Edit Fear Beyond Death Fear Beyond Death COST: 100 Mana COOLDOWN : 100 / 85 / 70 CAST TIME: 0. 5 TARGET RANGE: 2500 EFFECT RADIUS: Global / 600 WIDTH: 160 SPEED: 3200 Active: Urgot fires a chem-drill in the target direction that impales the first enemy champion hit, dealing physical damage and leashing the target for 4 seconds, during which they are revealed and slowed by 0% − 75% (based on target's missing health) . Physical Damage: 100 / 225 / 350 (+ 50% bonus AD) Fear Beyond Death can be recast if the leashed target is below 25% of their maximum health , and does so automatically if the chem-drill would kill the target, the ability is cast again while the target was above the threshold and is then brought within it, or the target is within the threshold at the end of the duration. Recast - Mercy: Urgot launches chains at the leashed target, then channels for 1. 5 seconds once they latch on. During this time, he reels them toward him, suppressing them, revealing them, rendering them untargetable , and preventing them from taking damage from other sources . If the target is near Urgot when the chains connect, they are pushed up to 1000 units away based on their proximity to him. This channel cannot be interrupted by crowd control . Upon completing the channel, the target is executed . If the execution is successful, he fears nearby enemies for 1. 5 seconds, during which they are slowed by 75%. Fear Beyond Death's recast can be used while affected by cast-inhibiting crowd control . Link ▶️ The end is near. Hide Details Video Info Targeting input Direction / Auto Damage type Type Sub-type Minion Aggro See Notes Physical / True See Notes Counters Spell shield Projectile Disruption See Notes Blocked Not Interrupted Unlike most missiles , Fear Beyond Death can hit the edge of targets whose center is further than the missile range. However, it still cannot hit targets whose center is behind Urgot . Applies spell damage on first cast and raw damage on recast. Urgot is revealed while the target is leashed and being reeled in. Fear Beyond Death's execute against the enemy champion will aggro nearby enemy minions. While Fear Beyond Death is not on cooldown, all enemy champions will have an execution indicator on their health bar, and a visual indicator if below the execution threshold. Mercy's granted untargetability does not destroy in-flight projectiles for the target. Urgot will place himself onto the ground and interrupts displacements affecting him upon starting the channel. If the displacement effect is a knock up with no debuff source, the airborne status is not removed and he spends significantly less time in the air. This ability will cast from wherever the caster is at the start of the cast time. Fear Beyond Death prevents Purge from firing for 0. 8 seconds. The recast prevents Purge from firing for 1. 5 seconds. If Urgot is in cast time or is dashing while the chains are in transit, Mercy's forced movement will be deferred (the debuff will continuously refresh) until the cast or dash is complete. The target will still be untargetable , prevented from taking damage from other sources, and suppressed during this time. If Urgot is channeling a spell, the channel is interrupted when the chains hit. Removing or resisting the slow has no effect on the mark debuff . The initial cast always counts as an ability activation for the purposes of on-cast effects such as Spellblade and triggering Force Pulse's passive. If the ability hits a target who is below the threshold, it will automatically recast itself and it won't be considered as an ability activation. If the ability hits a target who is above the threshold and it's recast early, the recast will happen automatically when they reach the threshold and it won't be considered as an ability activation. If the target got hit while above the threshold and it is recast after they fall below it, the recast will be considered as an ability activation. Reactivating the ability early will reel the target as soon as they reach the 25% maximum health threshold. Mercy can be cast and will automatically do so at the end of the duration if the target is below the execute threshold regardless of Urgot being affected by crowd control , including self or enemy-imposed stasis . Fear Beyond Death can affect clones and activates its fear when executing one. Fear Beyond Death's recast cannot be used if the target is untargetable . Fear Beyond Death's recast cannot be used during resurrection . Attempting to do so places the recast on a 5-second cooldown . If the target is below the threshold at the end of the duration and Urgot is revived, the recast will initiate regardless of this cooldown. The recast's chains are classified as a projectile and they will fail to affect their target if: Urgot or his target dies or enters resurrection . The target becomes untargetable , even if the granted source does not destroy in-flight projectiles. Urgot will also fail to execute the target if they become untargetable while the chains are being pulled. (bug) They collide with Wind Wall or Unbreakable . If Unbreakable intercepts the chains and Braum is not the target, they're destroyed. If Braum is the target, he will still be reeled in and executed as normal. The target is crowd control immune when the chains hit. The target is a zombie . Spell shield will not block the recast's chains. If the target removes the suppression by any means they will prevent themselves from being executed and stop the forced movement from being renewed, though allowing the most recent one to be present and move them to Urgot's previous location. Their untargetability and damage prevention of other sources granted by Fear Beyond Death is removed in the process. Urgot will still complete the full channel even if the target is freed. If the target is displacement immune when the chains collide, Urgot will not begin the channel until after their displacement immunity ends. The target will be unaffected by Fear Beyond Death's forced movement during this time, but will still be suppressed, prevented from taking damage from other sources and rendered untargetable. If the target's displacement immunity does not end within 10 seconds, Fear Beyond Death will cancel. When the chains start reeling in and suppressing a player's champion, chains will also cover the sides of their screen. The target champion shrinks in size in several steps after reaching Urgot's grinder and before being executed. If the suppression ends in any way, the target returns to its normal size. If the execution is successful, the victim's corpse will be effectively invisible unless they enter a zombie state . The target will die regardless of their current health once the recast's chains hit, even if they are healed . If the target has invulnerability that persists for the duration of the channel, it will protect them from the execution. Undying Rage will prevent Tryndamere from dying by the execute. In this case, the execute will bypass his minimum health threshold though and reduce him to 1 health . The effect will also not prevent the activation of resurrection effects, such as Guardian Angel or Anivia's Rebirth . Post-death events such as Zombie State effects (e.g, Karthus' Death Defied , Kog'Maw's Icathian Surprise , and Sion's Glory in Death ) will be triggered. Only the target's current health will count as Urgot's damage in post-game statistics and spell vamp healing. Fear Beyond Death's initial cast will not perform the automatic recast from dealing enough damage to kill Sion . Fear Beyond Death's recast will be placed on a 5-second cooldown if the target is below the threshold and becomes targetable again after completing the dash from Hero's Entrance . The following table refers for interactions while Urgot is channeling : Type Channel Attacking Disabled Abilities Disabled Movement Allowed Items Usable Shurelya's Battlesong Youmuu's Ghostblade Randuin's Omen Disabled All the other item-actives are disabled Interrupted by N/A Consumables Usable Spells Usable Barrier Clarity Cleanse Exhaust Ghost Heal Ignite Smite Flash Disabled Teleport Interrupted by N/A Interrupted by Death Video Champion skins [ ] This article section only contains champion skins. For all associated collection items, see Urgot (Collection) . Original View in 3D 790 24.08.2010 Once a powerful Noxian headsman, Urgot was betrayed by the empire for which he had killed so many. Bound in iron chains, he was forced to learn the true meaning of strength in the Dredge—a prison mine deep beneath Zaun. Emerging in a disaster that spread chaos throughout the city, he now casts an imposing shadow over its criminal underworld. Raising his victims on the very chains that once enslaved him, he will purge his new home of the unworthy, making it a crucible of pain. Paul M. Guyet Victor '3rdColossus' Maury Loot eligible Giant Enemy Crabgot View in 3D 520 24.08.2010 Emerging from the deep sea as the first of the kaiju menace, Crabgot has never been completely defeated by the forces of humanity. The best result when it emerges is to temporarily halt its advance, sending the massive crustacean back into the sea... until it can rise once more. Paul M. Guyet Mike Azevedo Kaiju Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX Butcher View in 3D 520 24.08.2010 Paul M. Guyet Viktor Titov, Grafit Studio Trick-or-Treat Loot eligible Legacy New SFX/VFX Battlecast View in 3D 1350 05.03.2012 A titanium juggernaut used to crush pockets of particularly stubborn resistance, the Battlecast Urgot model is rarely seen but widely feared. Its extensive weapons systems are complemented by a massive, flesh-grinding spike mill, which it pulls fleeing opponents into for sheer spectacle. Paul M. Guyet Izzy Medrano Battlecast Loot eligible Voice filter Additional/unique quotes New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Battlecast Urgot Chromas Obsidian Pearl Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite High Noon View in 3D 1350 30.08.2018 Jeremiah James was once a famed railroad baron and millionaire industrialist, who bet his own heart on a game of chance… and lost. Left alone in the desert to die, he bargained with a passing devil, trading his immortal soul for a twisted, monstrous body of gears and iron. Paul M. Guyet Mist XG High Noon Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas High Noon Urgot Chromas Pearl Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Pajama Guardian Cosplay View in 3D 1350 01.04.2020 A Star Guardian superfan of almost impossible proportions, Urgot worked really hard on this outfit for the fan meet, so please be respectful. Paul M. Guyet Choe HeonHwa Definitely Not Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Pajama Guardian Cosplay Urgot Chromas Amethyst Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Fright Night View in 3D 1350 22.09.2022 Unctuous Uncle Urgot has no nose to smell No feet or toes to stink, but he's still feeling swell 'Cause visitors arrive and ring the household bell With new parts not so rotten for him, and tummy snacks as well! Paul M. Guyet Alex 'alexplank' Flores Fright Night Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Fright Night Urgot Chromas Amethyst Catseye Citrine Emerald Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Patch history [ ] For the expanded patch notes, see here Trivia [ ] Urgot, the Headsman's Pride Urgot and Thresh used to be the only champions classified as ranged tanks before having their roles changes in 2013. Hyper-Kinetic Position Reverser and Death Sentence are the only two in-game tethered abilities without a minimum leash range. Urgot used to be the only champion in the game classified as a Marksman / Tank . However, his champion classification has since been changed to Juggernaut . During the time that Gnar was revealed on PBE, he was classified as a Marksman / Tank . However, Gnar was released as a Fighter / Marksman , a champion classification he shared with Jayce . Urgot resembles a number of quadrupeds from various other games. Makron (leader of the Strogg ) from the Quake video game series. Azmodan the Lord of Sin from Diablo III . "The Spineless Ones" from the X-Men , the best-known of them being Mojo . They are a fat alien race of rotten appearance who can not move on their own without advanced technology. Yagrum Bagarn from The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind . According to Babaganoosh, Urgot was unavailable for the Ionia vs Noxus match due to being damaged and needing considerable time to be repaired. He received a major strength buff in the following patch release. Urgot's dance references Kirby's Victory Dance . A side by side comparison can be seen here . In the V1.0.0.115 April Fools' Day patch, he was jokingly listed to receive a skin called "Urfgot" , referencing Urf . Urgot, the Dreadnought Urgot is one of 20 champions without a single ability power ratio on any ability: Aatrox , Camille , Darius , Dr. Mundo , Draven , Garen , Kayn , Kled , Naafiri , Nilah , Olaf , Pyke , Riven , Samira , Sett , Talon , Xayah , Yone , and Zed . His dance references the Can-Can . He shares this dance with Elise and Final Boss Veigar . His login screen theme is sung in Noxian. The repeated chant is "Stom Ur Got!" [2] During his second champion spotlight for his rework, David 'Phreak' Turley jokingly said that Urgot will be the next Star Guardian , a reference to a long-standing joke in the community, which partially became true with Pajama Guardian Cosplay Urgot being released for the 2020 April Fools' Day event. Urgot is able to kill the Enemy Target Dummies in the Practice Tool , by using Fear Beyond Death on them when they have 25% health or lower. Urgot's joke will cause him to retrieve an item: Poison Puffcap . Crab . Rubber Ducky . Gold Duck. [3] This item is a rare variant of the animation. See also [ ] League of Legends Wiki | Champions Cancelled Champions Ao Shin Avasha Averdrian CeeCee Cyborg Cowboy Eagle Rider Gavid Husk Iron Engineer Ivan Omen Priscilla Rob Blackblade Seth Tabu Tiki Urf Well References [ ] ↑ Urgot's profile page at LeagueOfLegends.com ↑ Urgot music chant ↑ Urgot Golden Duck