Link ▶️ Link ▶️ Link ▶️ Contents 1 Available 2 Legacy Vault 3 Rare & Limited 4 Available 4.1 Original Aatrox 4.2 Justicar Aatrox 4.3 Mecha Aatrox 4.4 Sea Hunter Aatrox 4.5 Blood Moon Aatrox 4.6 Odyssey Aatrox 4.7 Lunar Eclipse Aatrox 5 Legacy Vault 5.1 DRX Aatrox 6 Rare & Limited 6.1 Prestige Blood Moon Aatrox 6.2 Victorious Aatrox 6.3 Prestige Blood Moon Aatrox (2022) 6.4 Prestige DRX Aatrox 7 Available 8 Legacy Vault 9 Rare & Limited 10 Available 11 Legacy Vault 12 Rare & Limited Available Original Aatrox 12-Jun-2013 Once honored defenders of Shurima against the Void, Aatrox and his brethren would eventually become an even greater threat to Runeterra, and were defeated only by cunning mortal sorcery. But after centuries of imprisonment, Aatrox was the first to find freedom once more, corrupting and transforming those foolish enough to try and wield the magical weapon that contained his essence. Now, with stolen flesh, he walks Runeterra in a brutal approximation of his previous form, seeking an apocalyptic and long overdue vengeance. 880 View in 3D Ramon Tikaram Victor '3rdColossus' Maury Loot eligible Justicar Aatrox 12-Jun-2013 Chief among the Arclight stand the Justicars, sentinels who serve as living embodiments of justice and order. Aatrox embodies power, for it is his martial prowess that holds the chaos back. 975 View in 3D Ramon Tikaram Pan Chengwei Justicar Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Mecha Aatrox 23-Jul-2014 Designated ATRX-1, the “Mecha Aatrox” unit was developed in response to 'gliding' kaiju with the capability of limited flight. In addition, ATRX-1 wields a thermal blade that can turn residual light particles into a heated cutting edge. 1350 View in 3D Ramon Tikaram Pan Chengwei Mecha Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Mecha Aatrox Chromas Obsidian Pearl Tanzanite Sea Hunter Aatrox 22-Jul-2015 Bilgewater is home to many bounty hunters, but those looking to track a target through hundreds of miles of open ocean go to the hulking creature known as Aatrox. Cool, professional, and capable of rapidly regenerating from near-fatal wounds, with Aatrox you'll always know your bounty is in good hands. 750 View in 3D Ramon Tikaram Sixmorevodka Studio Bilgewater: Burning Tides Loot eligible Blood Moon Aatrox 10-Jan-2019 Ancient manuscripts tracking the orbit of the Blood Moon describe it not as celestial phenomenon, but as a cosmic womb. As the seasons grow shorter and the cult's activity continues to increase, some worry it will give birth to a new kind of demon—a creature helping to bring about its own dark ascendance. 1350 View in 3D Ramon Tikaram Alex 'alexplank' Flores Blood Moon Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Odyssey Aatrox 15-Oct-2020 Aatrox is a violent and notorious crime lord whose name is feared throughout the criminal underworld. He is also disfigured by Ora abuse. Seeking to purge the substance from his body, he abducts Templars to extract it—and kills them when they are unable to do so. He has seized a number of high ranking Templar priests in order to draw out Karma, who he believes will finally heal him. 1350 View in 3D Ramon Tikaram Zhong Yang, Kudos Productions Odyssey Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Odyssey Aatrox Chromas Citrine Emerald Merc Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Lunar Eclipse Aatrox 28-Apr-2022 One of the few who took up the mantle of the Eclipse Knights in the days of old, Aatrox hopelessly pined for Kayle's affections… but she could only ever love the blazing sun. When she devoured it, the entity's lunar corona consumed him. He exists now as Kayle's monstrous, once-noble shadow, ever at her side. 1350 View in 3D Ramon Tikaram Marie Magny, West Studio Eclipse Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Lunar Eclipse Aatrox Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Turquoise Legacy Vault DRX Aatrox 01-Jun-2023 Honoring Kingen's winning performance as Aatrox during the 2022 World Championship. 1350 View in 3D Ramon Tikaram Horace 'Hozure' Hsu World Champions: 2022 Loot eligible Legacy New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas DRX Aatrox Chromas Elite Rare & Limited Prestige Blood Moon Aatrox 10-Jan-2019 Aatrox has been loosed upon the mortal plane. A creature born in the heart of the Blood Moon, he is the progenitor of all demons, and a malignant darkness that will consume the entire world. Special View in 3D Ramon Tikaram Alex 'alexplank' Flores Blood Moon Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall This skin is a variant of Blood Moon . Store variants are discounted for multiple purchases. Victorious Aatrox 21-Nov-2019 Victorious Aatrox was awarded to players who reached Gold or higher in the 2019 season. With arm and sword sculpted from crystal quartz, he stands as a monument to all who wish to achieve greatness. Special View in 3D Ramon Tikaram Unknown artist Victorious Loot inelgible Limited Edition New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Victorious Aatrox Chromas Amber Prestige Blood Moon Aatrox (2022) 01-Apr-2022 Aatrox has been loosed upon the mortal plane. A creature born in the heart of the Blood Moon, he is the progenitor of all demons, and a malignant darkness that will consume the entire world. Special View in 3D Ramon Tikaram Alex 'alexplank' Flores Blood Moon Loot inelgible Limited Edition New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall This skin is a variant of Prestige Blood Moon . Store variants are discounted for multiple purchases. Prestige DRX Aatrox 01-Jun-2023 Aatrox is DRX's #1 fan, and he's got the goods to prove it, turning heads with his blue-and-white nod to the South Korean superstars. DRX and T1 supporters alike line up at Worlds to take photos, but he won't let his newfound fame distract him. He's just there to watch his favorite team take home the Summoner's Cup. Special View in 3D Ramon Tikaram Marie Magny, West Studio World Champions: 2022 Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall This skin is a variant of DRX . Store variants are discounted for multiple purchases. Available Original Aatrox Original Aatrox Cost 880 Release Date 12-Jun-2013 View in 3D Voice Actor Ramon Tikaram Splash Artist Victor '3rdColossus' Maury Loot Eligible Once honored defenders of Shurima against the Void, Aatrox and his brethren would eventually become an even greater threat to Runeterra, and were defeated only by cunning mortal sorcery. But after centuries of imprisonment, Aatrox was the first to find freedom once more, corrupting and transforming those foolish enough to try and wield the magical weapon that contained his essence. Now, with stolen flesh, he walks Runeterra in a brutal approximation of his previous form, seeking an apocalyptic and long overdue vengeance. Justicar Aatrox Justicar Aatrox Cost 975 Release Date 12-Jun-2013 View in 3D Voice Actor Ramon Tikaram Splash Artist Pan Chengwei Skin Set Justicar Loot Eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chief among the Arclight stand the Justicars, sentinels who serve as living embodiments of justice and order. Aatrox embodies power, for it is his martial prowess that holds the chaos back. Mecha Aatrox Mecha Aatrox Cost 1350 Release Date 23-Jul-2014 View in 3D Voice Actor Ramon Tikaram Splash Artist Pan Chengwei Skin Set Mecha Loot Eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Designated ATRX-1, the “Mecha Aatrox” unit was developed in response to 'gliding' kaiju with the capability of limited flight. In addition, ATRX-1 wields a thermal blade that can turn residual light particles into a heated cutting edge. Mecha Aatrox Chromas Base Obsidian Pearl Tanzanite Sea Hunter Aatrox Sea Hunter Aatrox Cost 750 Release Date 22-Jul-2015 View in 3D Voice Actor Ramon Tikaram Splash Artist Sixmorevodka Studio Skin Set Bilgewater: Burning Tides Loot Eligible Bilgewater is home to many bounty hunters, but those looking to track a target through hundreds of miles of open ocean go to the hulking creature known as Aatrox. Cool, professional, and capable of rapidly regenerating from near-fatal wounds, with Aatrox you'll always know your bounty is in good hands. Blood Moon Aatrox Blood Moon Aatrox Cost 1350 Release Date 10-Jan-2019 View in 3D Voice Actor Ramon Tikaram Splash Artist Alex 'alexplank' Flores Skin Set Blood Moon Loot Eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Ancient manuscripts tracking the orbit of the Blood Moon describe it not as celestial phenomenon, but as a cosmic womb. As the seasons grow shorter and the cult's activity continues to increase, some worry it will give birth to a new kind of demon—a creature helping to bring about its own dark ascendance. Odyssey Aatrox Odyssey Aatrox Cost 1350 Release Date 15-Oct-2020 View in 3D Voice Actor Ramon Tikaram Splash Artist Zhong Yang, Kudos Productions Skin Set Odyssey Loot Eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Aatrox is a violent and notorious crime lord whose name is feared throughout the criminal underworld. He is also disfigured by Ora abuse. Seeking to purge the substance from his body, he abducts Templars to extract it—and kills them when they are unable to do so. He has seized a number of high ranking Templar priests in order to draw out Karma, who he believes will finally heal him. Odyssey Aatrox Chromas Base Citrine Emerald Merc Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Lunar Eclipse Aatrox Lunar Eclipse Aatrox Cost 1350 Release Date 28-Apr-2022 View in 3D Voice Actor Ramon Tikaram Splash Artist Marie Magny, West Studio Skin Set Eclipse Loot Eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas One of the few who took up the mantle of the Eclipse Knights in the days of old, Aatrox hopelessly pined for Kayle's affections… but she could only ever love the blazing sun. When she devoured it, the entity's lunar corona consumed him. He exists now as Kayle's monstrous, once-noble shadow, ever at her side. Lunar Eclipse Aatrox Chromas Base Citrine Emerald Obsidian Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Turquoise Legacy Vault DRX Aatrox DRX Aatrox Cost 1350 Release Date 01-Jun-2023 View in 3D Voice Actor Ramon Tikaram Splash Artist Horace 'Hozure' Hsu Skin Set World Champions: 2022 Loot Eligible Legacy New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Honoring Kingen's winning performance as Aatrox during the 2022 World Championship. DRX Aatrox Chromas Base Elite Rare & Limited Prestige Blood Moon Aatrox Prestige Blood Moon Aatrox Cost Special Release Date 10-Jan-2019 View in 3D Voice Actor Ramon Tikaram Splash Artist Alex 'alexplank' Flores Skin Set Blood Moon Loot Eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall This skin is a variant of Blood Moon . Store variants are discounted for multiple purchases. Aatrox has been loosed upon the mortal plane. A creature born in the heart of the Blood Moon, he is the progenitor of all demons, and a malignant darkness that will consume the entire world. Victorious Aatrox Victorious Aatrox Cost Special Release Date 21-Nov-2019 View in 3D Voice Actor Ramon Tikaram Splash Artist Unknown artist Skin Set Victorious Loot Ineligible Limited Edition New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Victorious Aatrox was awarded to players who reached Gold or higher in the 2019 season. With arm and sword sculpted from crystal quartz, he stands as a monument to all who wish to achieve greatness. Victorious Aatrox Chromas Base Amber Prestige Blood Moon Aatrox (2022) Prestige Blood Moon Aatrox (2022) Cost Special Release Date 01-Apr-2022 View in 3D Voice Actor Ramon Tikaram Splash Artist Alex 'alexplank' Flores Skin Set Blood Moon Loot Ineligible Limited Edition New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall This skin is a variant of Prestige Blood Moon . Store variants are discounted for multiple purchases. Aatrox has been loosed upon the mortal plane. A creature born in the heart of the Blood Moon, he is the progenitor of all demons, and a malignant darkness that will consume the entire world. Prestige DRX Aatrox Prestige DRX Aatrox Cost Special Release Date 01-Jun-2023 View in 3D Voice Actor Ramon Tikaram Splash Artist Marie Magny, West Studio Skin Set World Champions: 2022 Loot Eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall This skin is a variant of DRX . Store variants are discounted for multiple purchases. Aatrox is DRX's #1 fan, and he's got the goods to prove it, turning heads with his blue-and-white nod to the South Korean superstars. DRX and T1 supporters alike line up at Worlds to take photos, but he won't let his newfound fame distract him. He's just there to watch his favorite team take home the Summoner's Cup. Available Original Aatrox 12-Jun-2013 Once honored defenders of Shurima against the Void, Aatrox and his brethren would eventually become an even greater threat to Runeterra, and were defeated only by cunning mortal sorcery. But after centuries of imprisonment, Aatrox was the first to find freedom once more, corrupting and transforming those foolish enough to try and wield the magical weapon that contained his essence. Now, with stolen flesh, he walks Runeterra in a brutal approximation of his previous form, seeking an apocalyptic and long overdue vengeance. 880 View in 3D Ramon Tikaram Victor '3rdColossus' Maury Loot eligible Justicar Aatrox 12-Jun-2013 Chief among the Arclight stand the Justicars, sentinels who serve as living embodiments of justice and order. Aatrox embodies power, for it is his martial prowess that holds the chaos back. 975 View in 3D Ramon Tikaram Pan Chengwei Justicar Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Mecha Aatrox 23-Jul-2014 Designated ATRX-1, the “Mecha Aatrox” unit was developed in response to 'gliding' kaiju with the capability of limited flight. In addition, ATRX-1 wields a thermal blade that can turn residual light particles into a heated cutting edge. 1350 View in 3D Ramon Tikaram Pan Chengwei Mecha Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Mecha Aatrox Chromas Obsidian Pearl Tanzanite Sea Hunter Aatrox 22-Jul-2015 Bilgewater is home to many bounty hunters, but those looking to track a target through hundreds of miles of open ocean go to the hulking creature known as Aatrox. Cool, professional, and capable of rapidly regenerating from near-fatal wounds, with Aatrox you'll always know your bounty is in good hands. 750 View in 3D Ramon Tikaram Sixmorevodka Studio Bilgewater: Burning Tides Loot eligible Blood Moon Aatrox 10-Jan-2019 Ancient manuscripts tracking the orbit of the Blood Moon describe it not as celestial phenomenon, but as a cosmic womb. As the seasons grow shorter and the cult's activity continues to increase, some worry it will give birth to a new kind of demon—a creature helping to bring about its own dark ascendance. 1350 View in 3D Ramon Tikaram Alex 'alexplank' Flores Blood Moon Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Odyssey Aatrox 15-Oct-2020 Aatrox is a violent and notorious crime lord whose name is feared throughout the criminal underworld. He is also disfigured by Ora abuse. Seeking to purge the substance from his body, he abducts Templars to extract it—and kills them when they are unable to do so. He has seized a number of high ranking Templar priests in order to draw out Karma, who he believes will finally heal him. 1350 View in 3D Ramon Tikaram Zhong Yang, Kudos Productions Odyssey Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Odyssey Aatrox Chromas Citrine Emerald Merc Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Lunar Eclipse Aatrox 28-Apr-2022 One of the few who took up the mantle of the Eclipse Knights in the days of old, Aatrox hopelessly pined for Kayle's affections… but she could only ever love the blazing sun. When she devoured it, the entity's lunar corona consumed him. He exists now as Kayle's monstrous, once-noble shadow, ever at her side. 1350 View in 3D Ramon Tikaram Marie Magny, West Studio Eclipse Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Lunar Eclipse Aatrox Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Turquoise Legacy Vault DRX Aatrox 01-Jun-2023 Honoring Kingen's winning performance as Aatrox during the 2022 World Championship. 1350 View in 3D Ramon Tikaram Horace 'Hozure' Hsu World Champions: 2022 Loot eligible Legacy New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas DRX Aatrox Chromas Elite Rare & Limited Prestige Blood Moon Aatrox 10-Jan-2019 Aatrox has been loosed upon the mortal plane. A creature born in the heart of the Blood Moon, he is the progenitor of all demons, and a malignant darkness that will consume the entire world. Special View in 3D Ramon Tikaram Alex 'alexplank' Flores Blood Moon Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall This skin is a variant of Blood Moon . Store variants are discounted for multiple purchases. Victorious Aatrox 21-Nov-2019 Victorious Aatrox was awarded to players who reached Gold or higher in the 2019 season. With arm and sword sculpted from crystal quartz, he stands as a monument to all who wish to achieve greatness. Special View in 3D Ramon Tikaram Unknown artist Victorious Loot inelgible Limited Edition New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Victorious Aatrox Chromas Amber Prestige Blood Moon Aatrox (2022) 01-Apr-2022 Aatrox has been loosed upon the mortal plane. A creature born in the heart of the Blood Moon, he is the progenitor of all demons, and a malignant darkness that will consume the entire world. Special View in 3D Ramon Tikaram Alex 'alexplank' Flores Blood Moon Loot inelgible Limited Edition New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall This skin is a variant of Prestige Blood Moon . Store variants are discounted for multiple purchases. Prestige DRX Aatrox 01-Jun-2023 Aatrox is DRX's #1 fan, and he's got the goods to prove it, turning heads with his blue-and-white nod to the South Korean superstars. DRX and T1 supporters alike line up at Worlds to take photos, but he won't let his newfound fame distract him. He's just there to watch his favorite team take home the Summoner's Cup. Special View in 3D Ramon Tikaram Marie Magny, West Studio World Champions: 2022 Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall This skin is a variant of DRX . Store variants are discounted for multiple purchases. Available 880 View in 3D Original Aatrox 12-Jun-2013 Once honored defenders of Shurima against the Void, Aatrox and his brethren would eventually become an even greater threat to Runeterra, and were defeated only by cunning mortal sorcery. But after centuries of imprisonment, Aatrox was the first to find freedom once more, corrupting and transforming those foolish enough to try and wield the magical weapon that contained his essence. Now, with stolen flesh, he walks Runeterra in a brutal approximation of his previous form, seeking an apocalyptic and long overdue vengeance. Ramon Tikaram Victor '3rdColossus' Maury Loot eligible 975 View in 3D Justicar Aatrox 12-Jun-2013 Chief among the Arclight stand the Justicars, sentinels who serve as living embodiments of justice and order. Aatrox embodies power, for it is his martial prowess that holds the chaos back. Ramon Tikaram Pan Chengwei Justicar Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall 1350 View in 3D Mecha Aatrox 23-Jul-2014 Designated ATRX-1, the “Mecha Aatrox” unit was developed in response to 'gliding' kaiju with the capability of limited flight. In addition, ATRX-1 wields a thermal blade that can turn residual light particles into a heated cutting edge. Ramon Tikaram Pan Chengwei Mecha Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Mecha Aatrox Chromas Obsidian Pearl Tanzanite 750 View in 3D Sea Hunter Aatrox 22-Jul-2015 Bilgewater is home to many bounty hunters, but those looking to track a target through hundreds of miles of open ocean go to the hulking creature known as Aatrox. Cool, professional, and capable of rapidly regenerating from near-fatal wounds, with Aatrox you'll always know your bounty is in good hands. Ramon Tikaram Sixmorevodka Studio Bilgewater: Burning Tides Loot eligible 1350 View in 3D Blood Moon Aatrox 10-Jan-2019 Ancient manuscripts tracking the orbit of the Blood Moon describe it not as celestial phenomenon, but as a cosmic womb. As the seasons grow shorter and the cult's activity continues to increase, some worry it will give birth to a new kind of demon—a creature helping to bring about its own dark ascendance. Ramon Tikaram Alex 'alexplank' Flores Blood Moon Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall 1350 View in 3D Odyssey Aatrox 15-Oct-2020 Aatrox is a violent and notorious crime lord whose name is feared throughout the criminal underworld. He is also disfigured by Ora abuse. Seeking to purge the substance from his body, he abducts Templars to extract it—and kills them when they are unable to do so. He has seized a number of high ranking Templar priests in order to draw out Karma, who he believes will finally heal him. Ramon Tikaram Zhong Yang, Kudos Productions Odyssey Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Odyssey Aatrox Chromas Citrine Emerald Merc Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise 1350 View in 3D Lunar Eclipse Aatrox 28-Apr-2022 One of the few who took up the mantle of the Eclipse Knights in the days of old, Aatrox hopelessly pined for Kayle's affections… but she could only ever love the blazing sun. When she devoured it, the entity's lunar corona consumed him. He exists now as Kayle's monstrous, once-noble shadow, ever at her side. Ramon Tikaram Marie Magny, West Studio Eclipse Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Lunar Eclipse Aatrox Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Turquoise Legacy Vault 1350 View in 3D DRX Aatrox 01-Jun-2023 Honoring Kingen's winning performance as Aatrox during the 2022 World Championship. Ramon Tikaram Horace 'Hozure' Hsu World Champions: 2022 Loot eligible Klassisch New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas DRX Aatrox Chromas Elite Rare & Limited Special View in 3D Prestige Blood Moon Aatrox 10-Jan-2019 Aatrox has been loosed upon the mortal plane. A creature born in the heart of the Blood Moon, he is the progenitor of all demons, and a malignant darkness that will consume the entire world. Ramon Tikaram Alex 'alexplank' Flores Blood Moon Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall This skin is a variant of Blood Moon . Store variants are discounted for multiple purchases. Special View in 3D Victorious Aatrox 21-Nov-2019 Victorious Aatrox was awarded to players who reached Gold or higher in the 2019 season. With arm and sword sculpted from crystal quartz, he stands as a monument to all who wish to achieve greatness. Ramon Tikaram Unknown artist Victorious Loot inelgible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Victorious Aatrox Chromas Amber Special View in 3D Prestige Blood Moon Aatrox (2022) 01-Apr-2022 Aatrox has been loosed upon the mortal plane. A creature born in the heart of the Blood Moon, he is the progenitor of all demons, and a malignant darkness that will consume the entire world. Ramon Tikaram Alex 'alexplank' Flores Blood Moon Loot inelgible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall This skin is a variant of Prestige Blood Moon . Store variants are discounted for multiple purchases. Special View in 3D Prestige DRX Aatrox 01-Jun-2023 Aatrox is DRX's #1 fan, and he's got the goods to prove it, turning heads with his blue-and-white nod to the South Korean superstars. DRX and T1 supporters alike line up at Worlds to take photos, but he won't let his newfound fame distract him. He's just there to watch his favorite team take home the Summoner's Cup. Ramon Tikaram Marie Magny, West Studio World Champions: 2022 Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall This skin is a variant of DRX . Store variants are discounted for multiple purchases. Test Test Test Aatrox the Darkin Blade Release date 2013-06-13 Last changed V13.20 Class(es) Juggernaut Legacy Fighter Tank Position(s) Top Resource Manaless ( Blood Well ) Range type Melee Adaptive type Physical Store price 4800 | 880 Crafting + 2880 Ratings Damage 3 Toughness 3 Control 2 Mobility 2 Utility 2 Style Difficulty Champion Spotlight Aatrox Champion Spotlight Aatrox is a champion in League of Legends .