Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Veigar View in 3D 585 / 23-Jul-2009 White Mage Veigar View in 3D 390 / 17-Dec-2009 Veigar Greybeard View in 3D 750 / 08-Sep-2010 Leprechaun Veigar View in 3D 520 / 15-Mar-2011 Superb Villain Veigar View in 3D 975 / 02-Jan-2012 Final Boss Veigar View in 3D 1820 / 27-Aug-2014 Omega Squad Veigar View in 3D 1350 / 26-Jul-2017 Elderwood Veigar View in 3D 1350 / 29-Aug-2019 Furyhorn Cosplay Veigar View in 3D 1350 / 01-Apr-2020 Astronaut Veigar View in 3D 1350 / 01-Jul-2021 Monster Tamer Veigar View in 3D 1350 / 11-Aug-2022 King Beegar View in 3D 1350 / 22-Nov-2023 Astronaut Veigar Chromas Catseye Citrine Emerald Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Elderwood Veigar Chromas Amethyst Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Turquoise Final Boss Veigar Chromas Mythic Furyhorn Cosplay Veigar Chromas Aquamarine Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite King Beegar Chromas Amethyst Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Monster Tamer Veigar Chromas Catseye Jasper Obsidian Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Omega Squad Veigar Chromas Catseye Sapphire Tanzanite Legacy Vault Curling Veigar View in 3D 520 / 12-Feb-2010 Baron Von Veigar View in 3D 975 / 27-Jun-2011 Bad Santa Veigar View in 3D 975 / 14-Dec-2012 Screenshots [ ] Superb Villain Veigar Bad Santa Veigar Final Boss Veigar Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Ctrl+Alt+Del Champions killed with Primordial Burst (R) Evil Rising Phenomenal Evil Power (P) stacks gained Playpens Multiple (2+) champions caught inside of Event Horizon (E) Dark Splatter Damage dealt to Champions with Dark Matter (W) Efficient Evil Times an Ability granted 2 or more stacks of Phenomenal Evil (P) Stop Laughing! Damage to champions affected by or contained within Event Horizon (E) Trivia [ ] Original Veigar He closely resembles the Black Mage from the Final Fantasy series. His very first splash art was directly tweaked for the first splash art of his White Mage skin. While more elaborately edited, the first splash art for his Curling skin also seems to have borrowed the pose from his first classic splash art. White Mage Veigar This skin shares the Medieval theme with: Blacksmith Poppy King Tryndamere Little Knight Amumu Medieval Twitch Queen Ashe Sir Kled Sorceress Lux He is among the only three skins priced at 390 , making them the cheapest ones available (excluding sales and giveaways/promotions). The others are: Golden Alistar Assassin Master Yi He does not have the robe of the White Mage but uses a similar color palette. Curling Veigar This skin shares the Winter Sports theme with: Festival Kassadin Ice Toboggan Corki Team Spirit Anivia The Mighty Jax Union Jack Fiddlesticks Vancouver Amumu Whistler Village Twitch He was released in celebration of the 2010 Winter Olympics along with: Vancouver Amumu Team Spirit Anivia Ice Toboggan Corki Union Jack Fiddlesticks Festival Kassadin The Mighty Jax Whistler Village Twitch He is competing in the curling event at the 2010 Winter Olympics . Veigar Greybeard This skin shares the Rift Quest theme with: Bard Bard Braum Lionheart Demolisher Nunu & Willump Gragas Caskbreaker Lord Darius ...and others Rageborn Mundo Rugged Garen Ryze Whitebeard Sejuani Dawnchaser Twitch Shadowfoot The skin was somewhat inspired by tabletop role-playing games . It is a direct reference to Gandalf the Grey from the The Lord of the Rings , written by J.R.R. Tolkien . On his left hand, he is holding a Doran's Ring . Leprechaun Veigar This skin shares the Fables theme with: Dark Valkyrie Diana Djinn Malzahar Loch Ness Cho'Gath Muse Sona Musketeer Twisted Fate ...and others Mythic Cassiopeia Royal Guard Fiora Sasquatch Nunu & Willump Siren Cassiopeia Valkyrie Leona He was released in celebration of Saint Patrick's Day 2011 . It replaces Baleful Strike's particles with four leaf clovers, Event Horizon's particles with floating four leaf clovers, and Dark Matter's falling trail with a solid rainbow. Baron Von Veigar This skin shares the Road Warrior theme with: Apocalyptic Brand Badlands Baron Rumble Blast Zone Heimerdinger Hyena Warwick Junkyard Trundle Road Warrior Miss Fortune Ruthless Pantheon Superb Villain Veigar This skin shares the Silver Age theme with: Augmented Singed Bioforge Darius Chemtech Tryndamere Cryocore Brand Deadly Kennen ...and others Feral Warwick Rocket Girl Tristana Super Kennen Super Teemo Toxic Dr. Mundo It changes Event Horizon particles into mechanic pyramid-like structures that resemble the claw on his hand. Superb Villain Veigar holds a scepter that closely resembles the " Runed Arcanite Rod " item in World of Warcraft. Contrary to the belief of some of the community, this skin has nothing to do with the popular YouTube personality TotalBiscuit. [1] Bad Santa Veigar This skin shares the Snowdown Showdown theme with: Candy Cane Miss Fortune Festive Maokai Happy Elf Teemo Mistletoe LeBlanc Nutcracko ...and others Re-Gifted Amumu Santa Draven Santa Gragas Snow Bunny Nidalee Workshop Nunu & Willump He was released in celebration of Snowdown Showdown 2012 along with: Dark Candy Fiddlesticks Slay Belle Katarina Snow Day Ziggs It is a possible reference to the Grinch , a green, hairy creature that stole every gift during Christmas. It changes the particles of all of Veigar's spells; Baleful Strike becomes a Christmas tree shaped cookie, Dark Matter becomes a breaking colored bauble, Event Horizon's area is marked by Christmas trees and lights, and Primordial Burst becomes a wrapped present. The skin also features a Recall animation where Veigar enters a chimney. Final Boss Veigar Chromas: Mythic This skin shares the Arcade: Battle Bosses theme with: Battle Boss Bel'Veth Battle Boss Blitzcrank Battle Boss Brand Battle Boss Malzahar Battle Boss Qiyana Battle Boss Yasuo Battle Boss Ziggs This skin was teased through a Final Boss picture showing the previous three Arcade skins. The Polish site for League of Legends has listed the name Veigar in the announcements link. [2] His voice is similar to the Shadow Selves' voices in the English dubbed version of Persona 4 series. His hands and feet floating near his body without any arms or legs is a reference to the Rayman series. The glove on his right hand resembles the Power Glove , an accessory for the NES. His right hand appears on the teaser with the hand on giant proportions, being a reference to the Master Hand from Super Smash Bros series. It is revealed in the splash art for this skin that the 3 red buttons on the knuckles have the letters Q, W, and E on them. This is a reference to many Real-Time Strategy games (such as League of Legends), where Q, W, E, and R are used to cast spells or abilities. During his recall animation, he inputs a code that strongly resembles the Konami Code into his glove (Up, Up, Down, Down, Left, Right, Left, Right, B, A). His Baleful Strike is a reference to " The Wizard Agahnim " from The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past . His Dark Matter causes different pieces from Tetris to fall. His Primordial Burst is a box of binary code, a number system that computers use to run. His dance references the Can-Can .. He shares this dance with: Elise Urgot His staff has an eye that resembles The Eye of Sauron . Most of Final Boss Veigar's quotes are video game references. A large portion of them, and more, can be seen in this video . Omega Squad Veigar Chromas: Catseye,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Omega Squad theme with: Omega Squad Fizz Omega Squad Teemo Omega Squad Tristana Omega Squad Twitch Omega Squad Teemo (pre-mental breakdown) can be seen to his right looking through binoculars. This is the only Skin where his ears (and part of his face) can be seen, due to him not wearing any type of hat. Elderwood Veigar Chromas: Amethyst,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rainbow,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Turquoise This skin shares the Elderwood theme with: Elderwood Ahri Elderwood Azir Elderwood Bard Elderwood Hecarim Elderwood LeBlanc ...and others Elderwood Rek'Sai Elderwood Wukong Elderwood Xayah Old God Ivern Old God Warwick This skin was inspired by Majora and Skull Kid from The Legend of Zelda series. Furyhorn Cosplay Veigar Chromas: Aquamarine,  Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Definitely Not theme with: Definitely Not Blitzcrank Definitely Not Udyr Definitely Not Vel'Koz Draven Draven Overlord Malzahar Pajama Guardian Cosplay Urgot Pengu Cosplay Tristana He celebrates April Fools' Day 2020 along with: Pengu Cosplay Tristana Pajama Guardian Cosplay Urgot Ahri and Draven can be seen in the background, while he and Tristana are perched on Pajama Guardian Cosplay Urgot . However, Horace 'Horuze' Hsu has posted a follow up image that shows a buff Teemo instead of Urgot. This is most likely done as a joke befitting the seasonal event. This skin was inspired by Furyhorn from Teamfight Tactics . Astronaut Veigar Chromas: Catseye,  Citrine,  Emerald,  Rainbow,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Astronauts theme with: Astronaut Bard Astronaut Corki Astronaut Fizz Astronaut Ivern Astronaut Maokai ...and others Astronaut Poppy Astronaut Singed Astronaut Teemo Astronaut Xerath AstroNautilus He is responsible for creating the corrupted meeps , as he is shown turning regular meeps into corrupted ones when recalling. His energy gauntlet disintegrates during his death animation. Monster Tamer Veigar Chromas: Catseye,  Jasper,  Obsidian,  Rainbow,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the Monster Tamers theme with: Monster Tamer Lulu Zap'Maw References [ ] ↑ Totalbiscuit's Twitter ↑ Arcade Veigar Polish announcement link reveal