Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Vel'Koz View in 3D 880 / 27-Feb-2014 Battlecast Vel'Koz View in 3D 1350 / 27-Feb-2014 Arclight Vel'Koz View in 3D 1350 / 28-Jan-2015 Definitely Not Vel'Koz View in 3D 750 / 31-Mar-2016 Infernal Vel'Koz View in 3D 1350 / 16-Jul-2020 Blackfrost Vel'Koz View in 3D 1350 / 15-Apr-2021 Bee'Koz View in 3D 1350 / 22-Nov-2023 Bee'Koz Chromas Amethyst Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Blackfrost Vel'Koz Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Ruby Turquoise Infernal Vel'Koz Chromas Amethyst Catseye Emerald Rainbow Rose Quartz Ruby Screenshots [ ] Classic Vel'Koz Battlecast Vel'Koz Arclight Vel'Koz Classic Vel'Koz (Visual VFX Update) Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 4D Chess Champions hit by the split missiles of Plasma Fission (Q) Death Rays Champions killed with Disintegration Ray (R) Disrupted Multiple (2+) champion knock-ups up with Tectonic Disruption (E) Calculated Champions hit with both halves of Void Rift (W) Eye-Sore Champions struck with 3 stacks of Organic Deconstruction (P) within 2s Melting Point Inconsistent True damage to champions from Organic Deconstruction (P) and Lifeform Disintegration Ray (R) Trivia [ ] Original Vel'Koz He resembles Hermaeus Mora from The Elder Scrolls , Vaatu from The Legend of Korra , and a Fighting machine from The War of the Worlds by H. G. Wells . He might be referencing the Energy creature from Starcraft . Battlecast Vel'Koz This skin shares the Battlecast theme with: Battlecast Nasus Battlecast Urgot Battlecast Xerath Battlecast Alpha Skarner Battlecast Prime Cho'Gath ...and others Resistance Caitlyn Resistance Illaoi Resistance Jayce Resistance Singed Resistance Yorick Battlecast Prime Cho'Gath and Creator Viktor can be seen in the background. He has unused lines directed at Kassadin , Zilean , Yordles , and champions met in the Howling Abyss . He is the third non-Legendary skin with a special voice-over (the others being Jaximus , Crime City Jinx , and Pentakill Karthus ) He resembles a Sentinel from The Matrix . Arclight Vel'Koz This skin shares the Arclight theme with: Arclight Brand Arclight Varus Arclight Vayne Arclight Yorick He used to be called 'Arbiter Vel'Koz'. [1] Definitely Not Vel'Koz This skin shares the Definitely Not theme with: Definitely Not Blitzcrank Definitely Not Udyr Draven Draven Furyhorn Cosplay Veigar Overlord Malzahar Pajama Guardian Cosplay Urgot Pengu Cosplay Tristana He was released in celebration of April Fools' Day 2016 ( Draven Day) along with: Draven Draven Meowkai Urf Kench He resembles the titular Octodad . His outfit matches those of the Mafia skins. Infernal Vel'Koz Chromas: Amethyst,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Rainbow,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Infernal theme with: Charred Maokai Firefang Warwick Infernal Akali Infernal Alistar Infernal Amumu ...and others Infernal Diana Infernal Shen Scorched Earth Renekton Scorched Earth Xerath Wildfire Zyra His appearance resembles that of the Eye of Sauron from The Lord of the Rings franchise. Blackfrost Vel'Koz Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Ruby,  Turquoise This skin shares the Blackfrost theme with: Blackfrost Alistar Blackfrost Anivia Blackfrost Rek'Sai Blackfrost Renekton Blackfrost Sion Ice Drake Shyvana The skin is based on the Vel'Koz-like creature Ryze encountered in Call of Power cinematic. Lissandra can be seen in the foreground. References [ ] ↑ 1/16 PBE UPDATE