Games Universe • League of Legends • Teamfight Tactics • Legends of Runeterra • Wild Rift Image Vi Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Vi the Piltover Enforcer Release date 2012-12-19 Last changed V13.17 Class(es) Diver Legacy Fighter Assassin Position(s) Jungle Resource Mana Range type Melee Adaptive type Physical Store price 1350 | 585 Crafting + 810 Ratings Damage 2 Toughness 2 Control 3 Mobility 2 Utility 1 Style Difficulty Champion Spotlight Vi Champion Spotlight Vi is a champion in League of Legends . [1] Gameplay • Cosmetics • Audio • Development • Patch History • History • Trivia Base statistics Vi Edit Health 655 +99 Mana 295 +65 Health regen. (per 5s) 10 +1 Mana regen. (per 5s) 8 +0.65 Armor 30 +4.7 Attack damage 63 +3 Magic resist. 32 +2.05 Crit. damage 175% Move. speed 340 Attack range 125 Attack speed Base AS 0.644 Attack windup 22.5% AS ratio N/A Bonus AS +2 % Unit radius Gameplay radius 65 Selection radius 100 Pathing radius 35 Acq. radius 600 Special statistics ARAM Nexus Blitz One For All URF Ult Spellbook Arena Damage Dealt +5% Damage Received -5% Ability Haste +10 Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt -5% Damage Received +5% Damage Dealt -5% Damage Received +5% Damage Dealt -5% Damage Received +5% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Abilities [ ] Edit Blast Shield Blast Shield STATIC COOLDOWN: 16 − 12 (based on level) Innate: Periodically, Vi's next ability hit grants her a shield equal to 12% of her maximum health for 3 seconds. Blast Shield's cooldown is reduced by 4 seconds each time Denting Blows is consumed. Hide Details Info Targeting input Passive Denting Blows will not activate Blast Shield . Edit Vault Breaker Vault Breaker COST: 50 / 60 / 70 / 80 / 90 Mana COOLDOWN : 12 / 10. 5 / 9 / 7. 5 / 6 CAST TIME: none TARGET RANGE: 250 − 725 (based on channel time) SPEED: 1250 − 1400 (based on channel time) Active: Vi charges while being slowed by 15% for up to 4 seconds to increase Vault Breaker's range , speed, and damage over the first 1. 25 seconds of the channel. Vault Breaker can be recast within the duration. If the charge completes without reactivation, Vault Breaker is cancelled and put on full cooldown. If the charge is interrupted , it will be put on a 3-second cooldown. Recast: Vi dashes in the target direction to deal physical damage to enemies within her path, increased by 0% − 100% (based on channel time) , and pull all non-champions hit towards her. Minimum Physical Damage: 45 / 70 / 95 / 120 / 145 (+ 80% bonus AD) Maximum Physical Damage: 90 / 140 / 190 / 240 / 290 (+ 160% bonus AD) She stops upon hitting an enemy champion , knocking them back over 0. 75 seconds. Relentless Force and Cease and Desist can be cast during the dash. Hide Details Info Targeting input Auto / Direction Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Physical Counters Spell shield Grounded Knockdown Blocked Disabled Interrupted Disruption Interrupted Vault Breaker's dash range extends up to 50 units when going through a wall. Targets will be hit as soon as they come into contact with Vi . The knockback direction will be toward Vi's facing direction regardless of where she hit the target. Casting Flash during the dash will cause enemies at the destination to be hit by Vault Breaker . As Flash updates Vi's facing direction, affected champions will be knocked back in the direction the summoner spell was cast in. Vi may cast spells that change her facing direction during the dash, including certain item actives and her own Cease and Desist , to knock champions she collides with in a different direction. (bug) Items that also initiate their own dash immediately without delay can only redirect targets struck at Vault Breaker's maximum range. These items include: Hextech Rocketbelt Stridebreaker Stuck targets (including those that block Vault Breaker with a spell shield ) are briefly immune to being affected again by Vault Breaker from this player, for about 1. 25 seconds. The following table refers for interactions while Vi is channeling : Type Charge channel Attacking Disabled Abilities Disabled Movement Allowed Items Usable N/A Disabled All items are disabled Interrupted by N/A Consumables Disabled, but can still use trinkets. Spells Usable Barrier Clarity Cleanse Exhaust Ghost Heal Ignite Smite Flash Disabled Teleport Recall Interrupted by Hexflash (Recasts) Interrupted by Death Grounding effects Immobilizing effects Cast-inhibiting effects Edit Denting Blows Denting Blows Passive: Vi's basic attacks on-hit and Vault Breaker apply a stack of Denting Blows to enemies hit for 4 seconds, refreshing on subsequent applications and stacking up to 3 times. The third stack consumes them all to deal bonus physical damage , capped at 300 against non-champions, and inflict 20% armor reduction for 4 seconds. Bonus Physical Damage: 4 / 5. 5 / 7 / 8. 5 / 10% (+ 「 1% per 35 」 「 2. 86 % per 100 」 bonus AD) of target's maximum health After consuming Denting Blows , Vi gains bonus attack speed for 4 seconds, which refreshes on subsequent triggers. Bonus Attack Speed: 30 / 37. 5 / 45 / 52. 5 / 60% Hide Details Info Targeting input Passive Damage type Type Sub-type Proc damage Physical Counters Spell shield Parries Not Blocked See Notes The armor penetration will apply after the triggering damage. The enhanced attack applies other on-hit effects and can both critically strike as normal as well as apply life steal (the bonus damage cannot do either). Denting Blows can be blocked but cannot be dodged nor missed while Vi is blinded . The attacks do not affect structures nor wards . Edit Relentless Force Relentless Force COST: 26 / 32 / 38 / 44 / 50 Mana + 1 charge CAST TIME: none STATIC COOLDOWN : 1 RECHARGE: 12 / 11 / 10 / 9 / 8 EFFECT RADIUS: 600 Active: Vi empowers her next basic attack within 6 seconds to have an uncancellable windup , gain 50 bonus range and trigger a blast in the target's direction that deals modified physical damage to enemies hit in a cone. Relentless Force can critically strike for (75% + 40% ) AD bonus physical damage . Physical Damage: 0 / 15 / 30 / 45 / 60 (+ 120% AD) (+ 100% AP) Vi periodically stocks a Relentless Force charge, up to a maximum of 2. Relentless Force resets Vi's basic attack timer. Hide Details Info Targeting input Auto Damage type Type Sub-type See Notes Physical Counters Spell shield Parries Blocked Blocked The empowered attack has the same windup time as Vi's basic attacks. Relentless Force deals basic damage to the primary target and area damage to secondary targets hit by the are of effect. Denting Blows will only apply a stack on Relentless Force's primary target (does not interact with the cone's damage). If the Relentless Force buff is about to run out as Vi starts the attack windup, the duration will be updated and extended to allow Vi to still sucessfully attack. Edit Cease and Desist Cease and Desist COST: 100 / 125 / 150 Mana COOLDOWN : 140 / 115 / 90 CAST TIME: 0. 25 TARGET RANGE: 800 SPEED: 800 Active: Vi singles out the target enemy champion and dashes with displacement immunity towards them, during which they are revealed . Upon approaching within 300-units, she dashes through and grabs them, knocking them up for 1. 3 seconds and dealing physical damage after 0. 75 seconds. Physical Damage: 150 / 275 / 400 (+ 90% bonus AD) Enemies she dashes through are dealt the same damage, knocked aside by 350 units over 0. 25 seconds, and stunned for 0. 75 seconds. Hide Details Info Targeting input Unit Target out-of-range override Walk in range of the target Damage type Type Sub-type Minion Aggro Spell damage Physical Drawn Counters Spell shield Grounded Knockdown Blocked Disabled Not Interrupted Vi will track the target if they change locations. She will stop dashing if the target is too far away or moves beyond 1500 units. Vi will land to the opposite side of the target after a delay of grabbing them. Secondary targets will be affected as soon as they come into contact with Vi , and cannot be affected by this again for ~4 seconds. The airborne debuff cannot be overridden. The dash will not end prematurely if Vi blinks . The displacement immunity lasts until the ability fully ends. If the dash ends from entering resurrection or the target being too far away, the displacement immunity will remain for 7 seconds, and will otherwise be lost. (bug) The dash speed increases with time travelled. If the target becomes untargetable , dies , or is too far away or no longer in sight during the cast time, this ability will cancel but does not go on cooldown nor pay its cost (if applicable). If the target becomes untargetable during the dash, Vi ends the dash prematurely and moves towards the target briefly, ignoring any movement commands. If Vi enters grabbing range, she will apply the airborne effect but not dealing any damage. If Vi enters resurrection during the cast time, she will still dash and apply the airborne effect to the target upon entering grabbing range though not dealing any damage. Cease and Desist will cancel and go on full cooldown if Vi is affected by Fear Beyond Death's recast during the cast time. Displacement immunity will not resist the application of the stun . The following table refers for interactions while Vi is dashing : Flash cannot be used while Vi has grabbed the target. Attacking Disabled Abilities Relentless Force is usable. Vault Breaker is disabled. Movement Disabled Items Usable N/A Disabled All items are disabled Interrupted by N/A Consumables Disabled Spells Usable Barrier Clarity Cleanse Exhaust Ghost Heal Ignite Smite Flash Hexflash Disabled Teleport Recall Interrupted by N/A Interrupted by Death Champion skins [ ] This article section only contains champion skins. For all associated collection items, see Vi (Collection) . Original View in 3D 880 19.12.2012 Once a criminal from the mean streets of Zaun, Vi is a hotheaded, impulsive, and fearsome woman with only a very loose respect for authority figures. Growing up all but alone, Vi developed finely honed survival instincts as well as a wickedly abrasive sense of humor. Now working with the Wardens of Piltover to keep the peace, she wields mighty hextech gauntlets that can punch through walls and suspects with equal ease. Cia Court Joshua 'HUGEnFAST' Brian Smith, Paul 'Zeronis' Kwon Loot eligible Neon Strike View in 3D 975 19.12.2012 Cia Court Unknown artist Demacia Vice Loot eligible New Animations/Recall Transforming Officer View in 3D 975 29.10.2013 After cycling through too many partners to count, the entire department had a bet going about "lone wolf" Officer Vi. But this tempestuous, impetuous officer has finally found her match in Caitlyn, a sharpshooter with a quick wit and soft spot for pink-haired wrecking balls. Cia Court Bo Lu Cops and Robbers Loot eligible New Animations/Recall Chromas Officer Vi Chromas Aquamarine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Ruby Debonair View in 3D 750 05.08.2014 Don the yellow power tie and red rose boutonnière of a woman in charge—of herself, her destiny, and the two dozen spines she's going to snap in effortless, elegant style. Cia Court Sperasoft Studio Debonair Loot eligible Demon View in 3D 1350 19.10.2015 One of the great generals of Hell, Vi brutalizes the tormented with acts of martial savagery, arbitrarily raining lazy blows upon the damned. Invoking her in the mortal realm must be done cautiously, as she responds only to a worthy opponent… and only for so long. Cia Court Unknown artist Demonic Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Warring Kingdoms View in 3D 1350 19.01.2017 Vi is the mighty enforcer of Azir's will—a ferocious, ruthless combatant who thrills in any challenge, no matter how outmatched she may be. Her gauntlets are carved from mystic jade, and each strike connects with the power of a cannon. Cia Court Alex 'alexplank' Flores Lunar Revel: Warring Kingdoms Loot eligible Legacy New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall PROJECT View in 3D 1350 22.11.2017 Street-smart, brash, and always bluntly honest, Vi is a Central detective working to keep law and order in the neon city. Toughened from her days as a lower sector enforcer, Vi keeps the peace with a pair ATLAS gauntlets, and a mean right hook. Cia Court Esben Lash Rasmussen PROJECT Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Heartbreaker View in 3D 1350 11.02.2019 Vi plays fast and loose with the rules of love, leaving a long trail of broken hearts (and, sometimes, bodies) in her wake. After many years, she's finally encountered a new rival worthy of her strength… almost too worthy. Cia Court Sangsoo Jeong Heartbreakers Loot eligible Legacy New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Heartbreaker Vi Chromas Amethyst Catseye Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Turquoise PsyOps View in 3D 1350 03.09.2020 A hand-to-hand combat specialist trained in psychically enhancing her blows with her mind, Vi takes care of “hard targets” for the rest of the PsyOps crew… generally by rushing ahead and punching them apart. She will fight anything and everything, including the old bipedal winter mechs from the Arctic Ops event 40 years prior. Cia Court Sean 'Raiko' Tay, West Studio PsyOps Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas PsyOps Vi Chromas Granite Hunter Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sandstone Tanzanite Turquoise Arcane View in 3D 975 15.11.2021 Celebrating the RiotX Arcane event. Cia Court Jessica 'OwleyCat' Oyhenart Arcane Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Heartache View in 3D 1350 10.02.2023 Shall I compare you to a rose? Your spikes like thorns against my side. Like a vine, you've coiled through my dreams, trellising my mind. Wild like the violets that thrive beyond the garden's bounds; Life's simply better now that you're around. Will you go to the dance with me? XOXO, Caitlyn Cia Court Francis Tneh, West Studio Heartthrobs and Heartaches Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Heartache Vi Chromas Aquamarine Catseye Obsidian Pearl Peridot Rose Quartz Ruby Turquoise Primal Ambush View in 3D 1350 24.01.2024 Respected throughout the land for her strength, Vi is known to all as the leader of the Favorclaw. Although many envy her status, she stands above her competitors, unphased and eager for any challengers worthy of her furious fists. Until then, she searches the world for a mythical Wildstripe said to transcend a Favorclaw's power to unfathomable heights. Cia Court Nathaniel Himawan, West Studio Primal Ambush Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Primal Ambush Vi Chromas Amethyst Obsidian Pearl Peridot Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Patch history [ ] For the expanded patch notes, see here Trivia [ ] Vi stands for violence. Vi performs the 'Ali Shuffle' while taunting. Vi's dance references the Dougie dance . A side-by-side comparison can be seen here . Vi and Caitlyn both gain On the Case ( "Piltover's Finest" ) when they find themselves on the same team. Having Jinx on the opposing team gives Vi or Caitlyn the Catch me if you can! cosmetic buff ( "Jinx is causing chaos again. How obnoxious... Criminals apprehended: X" ), granting her +1 Gold per Criminal (Jinx) Apprehended ( Takedown ). An enemy Caitlyn taunted by Vi will gain the Agitated cosmetic debuff ( "How agitating." ). Vi's theme was sung by Nicki Taylor from Running the Risk . Vi's name is the same as the Roman numerals for 6 , which are tattoed on her cheek. Vi is the shortest champion name at 2 characters long. Keeping with her criminal-turned-law enforcer theme, several of Vi's abilities are named after or reference various types of real-life criminal charges. Vault Breaker references the act of breaking into a bank vault , a typical course of action for burglary . Cease and Desist is named after the eponymous term which typically is a document sent to an individual or business to stop allegedly illegal activity. Vault Breaker and Cease and Desist apply all airborne variations combined ( knock back , knock up , knock aside ) Cease and Desist was conceived from Vault Breaker when enhanced by using Vi's very first ultimate. Vi, Blitzcrank , Caitlyn , Lissandra , Rumble , Sion , Varus , Xerath , and Ziggs are the only champions who can apply crowd control on themselves. A light on Vi's back turns on when Blast Shield is off cooldown. Vi was the first champion revealed through a forum thread. Vi, Zed , Sona , and Garen were targeted by Deadeye . After Vi was shot , her champion icon on her League of Legends website page and champion list were updated to a gif with what seems to be energy floating up from her gauntlets. Vi - Jinx is one of seven pairs of sibling champions (the others being Cassiopeia - Katarina , Kayle - Morgana , Nasus - Renekton , Garen - Lux , Yasuo - Yone , and Darius - Draven ). Though not a pair, Anivia , Ornn , and Volibear are also siblings. See also [ ] League of Legends Wiki | Champions Cancelled Champions Ao Shin Avasha Averdrian CeeCee Cyborg Cowboy Eagle Rider Gavid Husk Iron Engineer Ivan Omen Priscilla Rob Blackblade Seth Tabu Tiki Urf Well References [ ] ↑ Vi's profile page at LeagueOfLegends.com