Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Viktor View in 3D 880 / 29-Dec-2011 Full Machine Viktor View in 3D 975 / 29-Dec-2011 Creator Viktor View in 3D 1350 / 30-Sep-2013 PsyOps Viktor View in 3D 1350 / 17-Sep-2020 High Noon Viktor View in 3D 1350 / 26-May-2022 High Noon Viktor Chromas Catseye Emerald Nomad Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Turquoise PsyOps Viktor Chromas Amethyst Hunter Obsidian Peridot Ruby Sandstone Sapphire Turquoise Legacy Vault Prototype Viktor View in 3D 520 / 29-Dec-2011 Death Sworn Viktor View in 3D 1350 / 25-Oct-2017 Screenshots [ ] Creator Viktor Classic Viktor (VFX Update) Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Chaos Reigns Champions killed with Chaos Storm (R) Feet to the Flames Champions hit twice by Augmented Death Ray (E) Gravitas Champions stunned by Gravity Field (W) Energy Efficiency Champion damage prevented with Siphon Power (Q) shield Inferior Machinery Champions killed with Siphon Power (Q) Ability or Attack Perfection Multiple champions hit with Death Ray (E) Trivia [ ] Original Viktor The scene depicted has him using Death Ray . Zaun can be seen in the background of his splash art. Prototype Viktor This skin shares the Otherroads theme with: Acolyte Lee Sin Demonblade Tryndamere Divine Soraka Foreseen Yasuo Noxus Poppy ...and others Redeemed Riven Rune Wars Renekton Runeguard Volibear Transcended Kayle Tyrant Swain This skin represents Viktor in his early stages of augmentation, when the majority of his cybernetic implants were still prototypes. This skin bears some resemblance to The Doctor from G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra . Full Machine Viktor This skin shares the Heavy Metal theme with: Full Metal Jayce Full Metal Pantheon Full Metal Rammus Nunu & Willump Bot This skin depicts Viktor as completely robotic rather than having some organic parts like his classic skin. This skin bears some resemblance to the Cybermen from the Doctor Who series. Both share similar goals, as the Cybermen seek to make all beings the same as them, cold and without emotions. This skin also bears some resemblance to Cyrax from the Mortal Kombat franchise. Creator Viktor This skin shares the Battlecast theme with: Battlecast Nasus Battlecast Urgot Battlecast Xerath Battlecast Alpha Skarner Battlecast Prime Cho'Gath ...and others Resistance Caitlyn Resistance Illaoi Resistance Jayce Resistance Singed Resistance Yorick The splash art features Battlecast Prime Cho'Gath and pre-rework Battlecast Urgot . In addition, a floating figure with a glowing eye can be spotted in the background, which was a forecast to Battlecast Vel'Koz . There are also several hints at other Battlecast skins that were subsequently released about a year later in 2014 ( V4.20 ); Battlecast Alpha Skarner's face can be seen below Cho'Gath's , with his stinger just above his body. An early version of Battlecast Kog'Maw can be seen behind Urgot. This skin depicts Viktor as the maker and leader of the Battlecast line. Creator Viktor is the only skin where Viktor is depicted as having his right arm replaced instead of his left one. This may indicate that Creator Viktor is in fact from a parallel universe, but for now, there isn't other evidence to support this possibility. Creator Viktor's Recall animation features a holographic screen, displaying Battlecast Alpha Skarner , Battlecast Kog'Maw and the mysterious sting-ray /moth creature seen in Battlecast Vel'Koz's splash art. Death Sworn Viktor This skin shares the Death Sworn theme with: Darkrider Sejuani Death Sworn Katarina Death Sworn Zed Gravelord Azir Reaper Hecarim Reaper Soraka Shadow Evelynn Soul Reaver Draven Underworld Wukong He was released in celebration of Harrowing 2017 along with: Death Sworn Katarina Death Sworn Zed In the skin's description, the line 'on a cold, dreary night' may be a reference to a quote from the titular character of Viktor Frankenstein from Mary Shelly's Frankenstein, where it was 'on a dreary night' that he completed his creature. PsyOps Viktor Chromas: Amethyst,  Hunter,  Obsidian,  Peridot,  Ruby,  Sandstone,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the Black Rose Group theme with: PsyOps Kayle PsyOps Pyke PsyOps Samira PsyOps Zed High Noon Viktor Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Nomad,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the High Noon theme with: Bandito Fiddlesticks Cowgirl Miss Fortune High Noon Darius High Noon Hecarim High Noon Leona ...and others High Noon Senna High Noon Thresh Longhorn Alistar Sandscourge Skarner Sheriff Caitlyn References [ ]