Vision score as seen in the post-game statistics Vision Score is a stat that indicates how much vision a player has influenced in the game, including the vision they granted and denied. [1] Contents 1 Metrics 1.1 Ward Lifetime Provided Modifiers 2 Vision Score sources 3 Trivia 4 References Metrics [ ] Vision score can be calculated as an estimate through the following: Vision Score = (1 point per minute of ward lifetime provided) + (1 point per minute of ward lifetime denied). This number comes from three main sources: Ward Lifetime Provided: Each minute of ward lifetime grants up to 1 point, depending on how effective the ward is. (point are given when a ward is destroyed or survives its whole lifetime) Ward Lifetime Denied: Scoring a ward takedown (earned gold from a ward's death) grants 1 point for every minute of lifetime remaining on the ward (permanent wards are worth 1. 5 minutes of a remaining lifetime). Vision Mechanics: There are a few non-combat utility abilities that will contribute to a champion's total vision score. These include Scryer's Bloom and Rift Scuttler's Speed Shrine . The former grants a total of 0. 5 points per champion revealed by the effect, and the latter grants 1 point once it has lasted its full duration. Champion abilities that only grant vision (no offensive component) will contribute towards the score. Examples include Ashe's Hawkshot , Kalista's Sentinel , and Quinn's Heightened Senses . These abilities will grant 0. 33 points per champion they reveal. Ward Lifetime Provided Modifiers [ ] An allied ward's point generation can be reduced under certain infractions. The reduction is applied to the score generated within the duration of the infraction, and stacks multiplicatively (e.g. -50% for 6s nets -0. 05 points). Staleness A ward that hasn't seen any interesting units (enemy champions, wards, and epic monsters) in a while will gradually go down in point value, starting at -0% at 60 seconds of staleness and worsening to -50% at 120 seconds of staleness. Redundancy While a ward is near other allied sources of vision (allied wards, structures, and lane minions), its point value will be reduced, starting at -25% for 1 redundancy and worsening up to -75% for 3+ redundancies. Lane minions don't count as redundant if the ward is in brush. Safety A ward that's very close to your base can give less score, starting from -0% score around your buff camps and worsening to about -50% score at your base walls. Pointlessness A ward that's very close to an allied structure or inside your own base will have a -100% modifier to its point value. Baseline If a ward is quickly killed by enemies, it will still give lifetime score as if it survived a minimum of 20 seconds (0.33 points). Vision Score sources [ ] Main article: Sight Trivia [ ] Vision Score can be seen on the end-game screen of Howling Abyss games, even though most of the vision tools are removed in this game mode. References [ ] ↑ Riot Cosantoir explaining Vision Score