"You belong in a museum!" This article or section may contain obsolete information, but exists here for historical purposes. This item has been removed on patch V6.22 . Vision Ward edit Consume Places a visible ward that grants sight of the surrounding 1100 units and reveals within a 1000 radius. Until killed, it regenerates 1 health every 3 seconds after 5 seconds of not taking damage. Passive Limit 1 Vision Ward on the map per player. Limitations Can only carry 2 Vision Wards in inventory. Recipe Cost Sell ID 75 30 2043 Availability SR 5v5 Menu Starter Items>Laning Tools>Consumable Tools>Vision & Trinkets Keywords pink Vision Ward was a consumable item in League of Legends . It was exclusive to Classic Summoner's Rift 5v5 . Notes Vision Wards have pink tops as opposed to Stealth Wards , which have green tops. Vision Wards are visible at all times and have 4 health point . Every attack done to it will only damage it by 1. It also regenerates 1 health every 3 seconds when it has been out of combat for 5 seconds. Teleport can be used on Vision Wards . Vision Wards are unavailable for the Twisted Treeline and the Howling Abyss maps. Vision Wards grant 30 when destroyed. If the player who reveals the ward and the killer of the ward are different players, the gold will be split, each gaining 15 . Vision Wards grant 30 experience when killed. Objects revealed Unlike Stealth Wards , Vision Wards allow a team to see invisible champions and objects like: Hide Show Akali while inside her Twilight Shroud Evelynn while stealthed with Shadow Walk Jhin's Captive Audience Kha'Zix while stealthed with Void Assault Rengar while stealthed with Thrill of the Hunt Shaco's Jack in the Box Shaco while stealthed from Deceive Talon while stealthed from Shadow Assault Teemo while stealthed with Guerrilla Warfare Teemo's Noxious Trap Twitch while stealthed with Ambush Vayne's Tumble while stealthed with Final Hour Wukong while stealthed from Decoy Enemy Stealth Wards Strategy If you are up against an enemy team with at least one stealth champion place the Vision Ward at key points in your lane to prevent being ganked, or against a champion such as Akali who relies on stealth to avoid damage. It is most beneficial to place a Vision Ward near high priority targets which will probably be warded, like Baron Nashor or Dragon or at a location of a known ward. Trivia The item's icon is reused for the turret item Warden's Eye . Media 1st Vision Ward (pre - V3.12 ) 2nd Vision Ward (post - V3.12 ) 