Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Volibear View in 3D 880 / 29-Nov-2011 Thunder Lord Volibear View in 3D 520 / 29-Nov-2011 Runeguard Volibear View in 3D 975 / 29-Apr-2013 Captain Volibear View in 3D 750 / 28-Nov-2014 El Rayo Volibear View in 3D 750 / 01-Jun-2016 The Thousand-Pierced Bear View in 3D 975 / 28-May-2020 Duality Dragon Volibear View in 3D 1350 / 21-Oct-2021 Inkshadow Volibear View in 3D 1350 / 03-May-2023 Duality Dragon Volibear Chromas Aquamarine Citrine Emberclaw Emerald Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Inkshadow Volibear Chromas Emerald Inked Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Legacy Vault Northern Storm Volibear View in 3D 750 / 29-Nov-2011 Rare & Limited Prestige Duality Dragon Volibear View in 3D Special / 21-Oct-2021 Screenshots [ ] Runeguard Volibear (Old) Captain Volibear (Old) Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 All You Can Eat Healing from Frenzied Maul (W) Bear Brakes Champions hit with Majestic Roar (E) while airborne Drop, Stomp, and Roll Champions killed with Stormbringer (R) Munches Champions killed with Frenzy (W) Set Before Spike Champions flung toward allies with Rolling Thunder (Q) Thunder and Lightning Enemy champions damaged by Sky Splitter (E) while stunned by Thundering Smash (Q) Current Events Magic damage to champions with lightning arcs from The Relentless Storm (P) Hubris Of Man Takedowns within 10s of disabling a turret with Stormbringer (R) Shock Absorber Champions damaged by Sky Splitter (E) while stunned by Thundering Smash (Q) Trivia [ ] Original Volibear He is covered in his own version of true ice as part of his power as an ancient Freljordian deity. [1] His splash art shows him in the area depicted in his update reveal video. At the end of the reveal video, Volibear can be seen stationed at the Howling Abyss bush area. The actual in-game map was updated to have the Volibear model placed at the bush area before his release. Thunder Lord Volibear This skin shares the Thunder Lord theme with: Thunder Lord Ornn He references Iorek Byrnison from His Dark Materials by Philip Pullman . He can be seen clashing with Thunder Lord Ornn in his splash art. Northern Storm Volibear This skin shares the Arctic Ops theme with: Arctic Ops Gragas Arctic Ops Kennen Arctic Ops Varus Arctic Warfare Caitlyn Northern Front Swain He might be referencing the Soviet Northern Front . Runeguard Volibear This skin shares the Otherroads theme with: Acolyte Lee Sin Demonblade Tryndamere Divine Soraka Foreseen Yasuo Noxus Poppy ...and others Prototype Viktor Redeemed Riven Rune Wars Renekton Transcended Kayle Tyrant Swain This skin is his canonical appearance during the time of the first Freljordian tribes but before the Three Sisters conquered the entire Freljord. In Volibear's bio, the armor was stated to have been made by Ornn , before the two brothers fought each other. Armor pieces similar to his can be seen in his base splash art. Captain Volibear This skin shares the Cops and Robbers theme with: Constable Trundle Officer Caitlyn Officer Vi Pickpocket Twitch Safecracker Evelynn Secret Agent Miss Fortune Secret Agent Xin Zhao He and Constable Trundle are members of the Piltover Police Force. After the full champion relaunch, he is shown wearing tasers on his gauntlets which are apparent source of his electric based abilities. El Rayo Volibear This skin shares the Luchador theme with: El León Gnar El Macho Mundo El Tigre Braum He references lucha libre . El Tigre Braum can also be seen in the background. The Thousand-Pierced Bear This skin shares the Coven theme with: Coven Akali Coven Camille Coven Evelynn Coven LeBlanc Coven Zyra ...and others Old God Ivern Old God Warwick Prestige Coven Akali Prestige Coven LeBlanc Prestige Coven Zyra This skin is his canonical appearance during the events of Silence for the Damned . The skin was given freely to anyone who owned Volibear before or during his champion update patch. This skin was initially named "Thousand Pierced Volibear", but was changed to its current name before launch. This name is the only skin name to not include the name of the champion it is for. He seems to have been heavily inspired by the wendigo . This is the first skin shared in both Runeterra Prime and Coven . Duality Dragon Volibear Chromas: Aquamarine,  Citrine,  Emberclaw,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Dragonmancers theme with: Dragonmancer Fiora Dragonmancer Kassadin Dragonmancer Vayne Eternal Dragon Brand Lagoon Dragon Kai'Sa ...and others Obsidian Dragon Sett Prestige Duality Dragon Volibear Prestige Obsidian Dragon Sett Steel Dragon Thresh Tranquility Dragon Karma Prestige Duality Dragon Volibear This skin shares the Dragonmancers theme with: Dragonmancer Fiora Dragonmancer Kassadin Dragonmancer Vayne Duality Dragon Volibear Eternal Dragon Brand ...and others Lagoon Dragon Kai'Sa Obsidian Dragon Sett Prestige Obsidian Dragon Sett Steel Dragon Thresh Tranquility Dragon Karma Inkshadow Volibear Chromas: Emerald,  Inked,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Inkshadow theme with: Inkshadow Aurelion Sol Inkshadow Kai'Sa Inkshadow Master Yi Inkshadow Udyr Inkshadow Yasuo Inkshadow Yone Prestige Inkshadow Yasuo References [ ] ↑ Earp on Volibear Ice