This page is for the deployable units . See also: Stealth Ward (Item) , Warding (Passive) and Ward skins . A ward is a deployable unit that removes the fog of war over the surrounding area. Fog of War Ward revealing the Fog of War Contents 1 Types of Ward 2 General 2.1 Ward Timers 3 Ward Skins 4 Strategy 5 Trivia 6 Media 7 Patch History 8 References Types of Ward [ ] Classic Totem Ward Totem Ward e Grants sight over the surrounding 900 units. Life Span: 90 − 120 (based on average of all champion levels) seconds for Stealth Ward Limit: 3 Placed, shared with Stealth Wards , increases by 1 with Vigilant Wardstone Visible: Becomes stealthed after 2 seconds of placement. Health: 3 Bounty: 10 and 38 / 46. 4 Experience Source: Stealth Ward Classic Control Ward Reveal and Disable Reveal Control Ward e Grants sight over the surrounding 900 units. Cannot have its sight disabled . Its sight also: Reveals and disables enemy wards. Reveals enemy stealthed traps . Reveals Camouflaged champions. It is also exposed to enemies while it is revealing one of the above stealthed units, or granting vision of a Tentacle . Life Span: Indefinite Limit: 1 Placed, increases by 1 with Vigilant Wardstone Visible: Yes Health: 4, regenerates after 6 seconds of not being attacked. Bounty: 30 and 38 / 46. 4 Experience Source: Control Ward Classic Stealth Ward Stealth Ward e Grants sight over the surrounding 900 units. Life Span: 150 seconds Limit: 3 Placed, shared with Totem Wards , increases by 1 with Vigilant Wardstone Visible: Becomes stealthed after 1 second of placement. Health: 3 Bounty: 30 and 38 / 46. 4 Experience Source: Bloodsong Celestial Opposition Dream Maker Runic Compass / Bounty of Worlds Solstice Sleigh Zaz'Zak's Realmspike Classic Farsight Ward Farsight Ward e Grants sight over the surrounding 500 units. Untargetable to allies. Life Span: Indefinite Limit: No Limit (20 in Practice Tool ) Visible: Yes Health: 1 Bounty: 15 and 19 / 23. 2 Experience Source: Farsight Alteration Ghost Poro Ghost Poro e Grants sight over the surrounding 450 units. Cannot have its sight disabled . Is untargetable and will be scared away if an enemy champion comes near it. Life Span: 90 seconds Limit: No Limit Visible: Yes Health: N/A Bounty: N/A Source: Ghost Poro Classic Zombie Ward Zombie Ward e Grants sight over the surrounding 900 units. Untargetable to allies. Life Span: 120 seconds Limit: No Limit Visible: Yes Health: 1 Bounty: 1 Source: Zombie Ward Classic Effigy Effigy e Grants sight over the surrounding 900 units. Cannot have its sight disabled . Is also a clone . Reacts to nearby enemy champions with mutual vision . Life Span: 130 − 280 (based on level) seconds for Scarecrow Effigy Limit: No Limit Visible: Yes Health: 1 Bounty: 3 and 38 / 46. 4 Experience Source: Scarecrow Effigy Featured Game Modes Nexus Siege features a Siege Ward , placed by the Siege Sight Warder trinket . General [ ] A ward's vision does not extend over terrain. Placing a ward while at its limit will replace your earliest respective placed ward of its type. The sight from wards is classified as allied vision, and will be lost while under the effects of Nearsight . This includes wards that you placed. Newly set wards are not visible nor audible to nearsighted units outside of their proper sight radius. Nearsight prevents the unit from being able to reveal stealthed wards and traps. Attacking any visible ward , or using the Enemy Vision or Generic pings near one within 10 seconds of placement, grants 5 . This gold is removed from the ward's total bounty and cannot be regained if the ward regenerates health (such as in the case of Control Wards ). The mutated Scryer's Bloom on Chemtech Rift reduces the health of wards it reveals to 1. As of V7.16 , passively-generated one-use on-hit effects such as Energized , Power Chord or Headshot , will not be consumed when attacking wards. Some cases were not added until later and other missing cases should be reported as a bug. Activated on-hit effects and attack resets, such as Power Fist and Hyper Charge , will still be consumed as the player is choosing to prime them. Nami's Tidecaller's Blessing will not be consumed when attacking wards. Thresh's Flay will also not reset the bonus damage when attacking wards. Like with minions , if more than one allied champion is nearby when a ward is killed, all champions gain an equal share of 116% of the experience bounty. If more than one allied champion is involved in the kill, only the killer earns the Gold bounty. This is unless another ally is granting vision with a Sweeper Drone , Control Ward , Scryer's Bloom or Umbral Glaive , in which case both receive the full Gold bounty. Effects such as Zombie Ward will track assists even if no gold is earned. As of V12.22 , allied wards that have a set duration appear withered on the minimap, whenever their remaining duration reaches a third of its total. Stealth Ward trinkets reach the break-even point between Totem Ward duration and charge regeneration time at Level 18. At this level it is possible to always have another charge ready to use when the last ward placed with the trinket has expired of natural causes. At level 1 Stealth Ward only has an uptime of 37. 5 % (90s duration, 240s recharge) but this is increased to 75% with the Ghost Poro rune. Ward Timers [ ] Ward Timer (full) A timer for the exact remaining duration of an enemy ward appears after any ally attacks it, or uses any Regular ping or Vision ping near it within 10 seconds of an enemy placing it or an ally revealing it. If the duration of the ward is indefinite, the timer will display as always full. Ward timers may last for the ward's full duration. However, the timer immediately disappears if the ward is both a) visible and b) expires , is destroyed by an ally, or is replaced by an enemy. Both conditions must be met in order to acquire information about the ward's actual existence or absence. Ward timers behave differently when their indicated ward is replaced (e.g. due to the enemy reaching their ward limit upon placing a new ward), depending on the ward's stealth/visibility type. Timers on replaced stealthed wards will remain for their full duration, unless the ward, in its assumed location, would be otherwise revealed through any means (e.g. Control Wards , Sweeper Drones , Scryer's Bloom , Umbral Glaive's Blackout , etc.) Timers on replaced non-stealthed wards will remain until your team acquires any form of sight of their assumed location's Fog of War (including effects that would reveal the ward). A ward timer hides if the ward is revealed and allies gain persistent sight of the ward itself, such as through standard sight , unobstructed vision , or a placed Control Ward . If sight of a ward that already had a timer is lost again, the ward timer for that specific ward will re-appear, denoting its correct duration. A ward timer also temporarily hides when a visible unit's gameplay radius coincides with their indicator, for game clarity reasons. Ward Skins [ ] Main article: Ward skins Ward skins are a type of cosmetic that alters the appearance of all Stealth Wards , Totem Wards , Control Wards , Farsight Wards and Zombie Wards placed by the summoner . Strategy [ ] Placing wards A ward placed near the outside of a brush will not grant vision over the area it covers. Placing a ward inside of the brush will grant vision of the brush as well as the surrounding area. Placing wards near objectives or critical pathways on the map such as Dragon pit , Baron pit , and entrances to the jungle grant valuable information. Targetable allied wards can be targeted by Teleport , Jax's Leap Strike , Lee Sin's Safeguard , and Senna's Piercing Darkness . Note that doing so will expose the ward for 2 seconds. Teleport's channel will continually refresh the exposure, but renders the ward invulnerable until the channel completes. Removing and Disabling wards Control Wards reveal and disable other wards within their Sight . Sweeper Drones will reveal and disable stealthed wards within its radius, and highlight non-stealthed wards as a red silhouette. Note that the drone can see into brush and over terrain. Umbral Glaive's passive, Blackout , triggers when a ward or stealthed trap is nearby. While it is active, you disable all nearby wards and expose nearby stealthed wards and traps. Unlike a Sweeper Drone , Blackout does not allow you to see over terrain or highlight other unseen units. Scryer's Bloom grants vision of wards hit for 12 seconds. Wards take 1 damage when hit by a basic attack, regardless of the attack's damage or on-hit effects. Full basic attack resets allow you to destroy Stealth Wards and Totem Wards before they stealth. As of V6.13 , attacking a ward will not classify you as entering combat. For example, you will retain the bonus movement speed from Mobility Boots , Relentless Hunter , and abilities such as Taliyah's Rock Surfing . When a ward is killed, times out or is replaced, it leaves behind Ward rubble for 5 minutes. This can be used to gain knowledge of the enemy's warding habits. The rubble's transparency increases overtime. Attack Resets Trivia [ ] When a Control Ward has been alive for more than 2 minutes and 30 seconds, it will automatically gain the following buff: Distinguished Order of Ward Longevity and Health: Perhaps this ward has been protected. Perhaps it has merely sat in a disused lane. Whatever the case, it has persisted for eons in ward years and joins an ancient regal order of Wards that have lasted a really really really long time. Media [ ] 1st Sight Ward (pre - V3.12 ) 2nd Sight Ward (post - V3.12 ) Vision Ward debris Patch History [ ] V13.4 Wards now display new, dynamic indicators when placing them. The indicators show targeted location, placement location, and whether the locations are valid or not, at all points of the map. This overrides previous behavior of only a generic indicator being shown when targeting brush or not. The effect of the existing targeting indicator visual for brushes is virtually unchanged, but its visual has been updated to match the new ones. V10.25 Undocumented: Targeting an allied ward with an unit-targeted ability (e.g. Safeguard , Leap Strike or Piercing Darkness ) now reveals the ward for its remaining duration. V10.23 Warding Totem renamed to Stealth Ward . V9.23 Solo experience multiplier increased to 0. 93 from 0. 92 . Shared experience multiplier decreased to 1. 16 from 1. 2 . Added: Targon's Buckler , Bulwark of the Mountain , Runesteel Spaulders , Pauldrons of Whiterock , Frostfang , Shard of True Ice , Harrowing Crescent , Black Mist Scythe . Removed: Celestial Eye , Eye of Frost , Eye of Ascension , Eye of the Aspect , Eye of the Watchers , Nomad's Eye , Pilfered Stealth Ward , Peering Farsight Ward . Blackout: Moved from Duskblade of Draktharr to Umbral Glaive . V8.4 Removed: Tracker's Knife . V8.2 Added: Celestial Eye , Eye of Frost , Eye of Ascension , Eye of the Aspect , Nomad's Eye . Removed: Sightstone , Ruby Sightstone , Eye of the Equinox , Eye of the Oasis . V7.22 Added: Ghost Poro (Rune) and Ghost Poro . Added: Zombie Ward (Rune) and Zombie Ward . Added: Kleptomancy , which allows players to obtain Pilfered Stealth Ward that places Stealth Wards . V6.22 Removed: Vision Ward (Item) and Vision Ward Added: Control Ward (Item) and Control Ward Stealth Ward experience bounty increased to 40 from 30. Katarina's Shunpo can no longer target wards. V5.22 Removed: Farsight Orb , Stealth Ward (Item) , Greater Vision Totem and Greater Stealth Totem . Added: Farsight Alteration V5.5 New Effect: Now have spawn and death animations to provide better feedback. V5.3 Added: Farsight Ward (created by Farsight Orb ). Sight Ward (Item) renamed to Stealth Ward . Sight Ward renamed to Stealth Ward . V4.20 Removed: Feral Flare , Quill Coat , Spirit of the Ancient Golem and Wriggle's Lantern . V4.11 Added: Quill Coat (places Sight Wards ). Spirit of the Ancient Golem now creates Sight Wards . V4.9 The icon above a Sight Ward is now larger and green. V4.5 Added: Feral Flare (places Sight Wards ). V3.14 Added: Warding Totem and Greater Stealth Totem (places Sight Wards ). Added: Greater Vision Totem (places Vision Wards ). V1.0.0.146 Now displays a targeting indicator when placing a ward inside a bush. V1.0.0.125 Will now properly update the map icons for creep camps. V1.0.0.123 Using Teleport on a ward will no longer reveal the ward through Fog of War to enemies. Only Teleport's animation is visible . Attack-move will now target visible wards. V1.0.0.121 Wards can now be targeted by Leap Strike and Shunpo specifically (reverting last patch's change on these abilities only), but this will reveal the ward for 2 seconds. New Effect: Teleporting to a ward will now reveal the ward to enemies. Teleport will make the ward invulnerable, however. V1.0.0.120 Removed: Wards are no longer classified as minions for targeting purposes. For example, they will no longer block Rammus' Powerball or intercept skill shots. V1.0.0.112 Stacks per slot increased to 5 from 3. V1.0.0.111 Sight Ward are now green. V1.0.0.108 Wards can no longer be affected by Heals . Wards now have 3 health and take 1 damage from basic attacks. V1.0.0.101 Wards now show their remaining duration in their mana bar. V1.0.0.96 Added: Wriggle's Lantern (places Sight Wards ). V1.0.0.52 Sight Ward (Item) and Sight Ward added. May_9,_2009_Patch Vision Ward (Item) and Vision Ward added. References [ ] Gameplay Elements Targeting Types Auto ( Passive · Self ) · Direction · Location · Unit · Proximity · Vector ( Collision · Radius ) Unit types Champion · Minion · Monster · Pets · Structures ( Turret · Inhibitor · Nexus ) Effect types Ability effects · Attack effects ( On-hit ) · Area of effect · Damage over time · Heal · Multi-hit · Redirected damage · Shield · Single-targeted Ability types Attached · Aura · Blink · Buff · Channel · Combat status · Crowd control · Damage ( Ability · Basic · Magic · Physical · True · Nexus Obelisk · Execution ) · Dash · Debuff · Invulnerability · Pet · Projectile · Sight · Spell shield · Stealth · Tether · Untargetability · Ward Vision and Trinkets Vision Brush · Fog of war · Nearsight · Camouflage · Invisibility · Stealthed Traps · Sight · True Sight · Expose · Disabled Ward Wards and Deployable units Totem Ward · Control Ward · Stealth Ward · Ghost Poro · Zombie Ward · Sweeper Drone · Siege Ward Vision items and Trinkets Nomad's Eye · Eye of Ascension · Celestial Eye · Eye of the Aspect · Eye of Frost · Eye of the Watchers · Warding Totem · Farsight Alteration · Oracle Lens · Skirmisher's Sabre · Duskblade of Draktharr · Timeworn Frost Queen's Claim · Twin Shadows · Arcane Sweeper (Trinket) · Oracle's Extract · Looted Oracle's Extract · The Lightbringer · Seer Stone · Siege Sight Warder