Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Warwick View in 3D 260 / 21-Feb-2009 Tundra Hunter Warwick View in 3D 520 / 15-Aug-2010 Firefang Warwick View in 3D 975 / 29-Mar-2011 Hyena Warwick View in 3D 975 / 05-Dec-2011 Marauder Warwick View in 3D 750 / 17-Feb-2015 PROJECT: Warwick View in 3D 1350 / 01-Aug-2019 Old God Warwick View in 3D 1350 / 12-Aug-2021 Winterblessed Warwick View in 3D 1350 / 08-Dec-2022 Old God Warwick Chromas Aquamarine Citrine Dark Ritual Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire PROJECT: Warwick Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Meteorite Obsidian Reckoning Rose Quartz Ruby Turquoise Winterblessed Warwick Chromas Citrine Emerald Granite Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Wreathguard Legacy Vault Big Bad Warwick View in 3D 520 / 27-Apr-2010 Feral Warwick View in 3D 975 / 16-Nov-2010 Lunar Guardian Warwick View in 3D 1350 / 08-Feb-2018 Lunar Guardian Warwick Chromas Golden Jasper Pearl Ruby Turquoise Rare & Limited Grey Warwick View in 3D Special / 08-Jul-2010 Urf the Manatee View in 3D 5000 / 31-Mar-2010 Urfwick View in 3D 150000 / 08-Nov-2017 Prestige Winterblessed Warwick View in 3D Special / 08-Dec-2022 Grey Warwick Chromas Meteorite Rose Quartz Sapphire Screenshots [ ] Marauder Warwick (Old) Classic Warwick (Full Relaunch) Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Air Wick Champions hit by Infinite Duress (R) at long range, enhanced by movement speed Bloodtrip Distance travelled while following the blood trail from Blood Hunt (W) Primal Panics Multiple (2+) champions feared with Primal Howl (E) Hangry Healing from magic damage to champions with Eternal Hunger (P), Jaws of the Beast (Q) and Infinite Duress (R) Tough Puppy Champion damage prevented with Primal Howl (E) Where Wolf? Here Wolf Takedowns on Blood Hunted (W) champions Trivia [ ] Original Warwick He was heavily inspired by the Werewolf . His very first splash art was directly tweaked for the first splash art of his Grey skin. Grey Warwick Chromas: Meteorite,  Rose Quartz,  Sapphire This skin shares the Omen of the Dark theme with: Black Scourge Singed Blade Queen Lissandra Cursed Revenant Nocturne Executioner Mundo Iron Inquisitor Kayle Spectral Fiddlesticks Undertaker Yorick He might be referencing a Lycan from Underworld . He has a spectral sword resembling the Blade of the Ruined King impaled through his chest. His old splash art references the legend of Werewolves transforming on nights with a full moon . He and Medieval Twitch used to be obtainable through Refer-A-Friend , but since it was discontinued on 05-Sep-2015, they can now be obtained exclusively through Level 5 Honor capsules. Feral Warwick This skin shares the Silver Age theme with: Augmented Singed Bioforge Darius Chemtech Tryndamere Cryocore Brand Deadly Kennen ...and others Phoenix Quinn Rocket Girl Tristana Super Kennen Super Teemo Toxic Dr. Mundo The first splash art was edited to have the blood in his jaws removed for the second version . Big Bad Warwick This skin shares the Storybook theme with: Annie in Wonderland Caterpillar Kog'Maw Count Vladimir Mad Hatter Shaco Red Riding Annie Red Riding Annie can be seen in the background while her picture can be seen in the foreground. He references the Big Bad Wolf from Little Red Riding Hood . Urf the Manatee This skin shares the Urf the Manatee theme with: Urf Kench Urf the Nami-tee Urfrider Corki Urfwick He was released in celebration of April Fools' Day 2010 ( Urf Day ) . He was first priced at 5000 , then went 99% off ( 50 ) and, then settled at 500 , and finally returned to 5000 on the last weekend before becoming Limited Edition (the procedures were donated to a foundation protecting hunted manatees ). He wears Urf's carcass and took over Planet Urf in the background (from the April Fools' Day 2015 login screen). In the old version of his splash art, there was a turret made out of sand in the background. At the grand opening of the Essence Emporium , he received flair effects such as featuring laurels on his head for those who unlocked him on April Fools' Day 2010. This was done to differentiate him with another version of this skin, Urfwick that was released for purchase at the grand opening. Additional details are listed below at his own skin trivia. Other Limited Edition skins that were re-released in another form include: Error: Skin Championship for Riven is not specified in Module:SkinData/data. (through Error: Skin Championship 2016 for Riven is not specified in Module:SkinData/data. ) PAX Sivir (through Neo PAX Sivir ) Tundra Hunter Warwick This skin shares the Freljord theme with: Freljord Ashe Freljord Rammus Freljord Sylas Freljord Taliyah Frost Queen Janna Frosted Ezreal He might be referencing Sabrewulf from Killer Instinct . His armor resembles WereGarurumon from the Digimon franchise. He is seen in the background of Frosted Ezreal's splashart. Firefang Warwick This skin shares the Infernal theme with: Charred Maokai Infernal Akali Infernal Alistar Infernal Amumu Infernal Diana ...and others Infernal Shen Scorched Earth Renekton Scorched Earth Xerath Volcanic Wukong Wildfire Zyra He might be referencing an Ifrit . His back has a volcano . Hyena Warwick This skin shares the Road Warrior theme with: Apocalyptic Brand Badlands Baron Rumble Baron Von Veigar Blast Zone Heimerdinger Junkyard Trundle Road Warrior Miss Fortune Ruthless Pantheon His promo references National Geographic . He is called 'Lv11 Warwick' in Taiwanese localization, referencing Hogger from World of Warcraft . Hyena Men are the African equivalent of the European Werewolf . His artwork was inspired by Mad Max: Fury Road . A vehicle resembling Piltover Customs Blitzcrank can be seen to his right. Marauder Warwick This skin shares the Marauder theme with: Marauder Alistar Marauder Ashe Marauder Kalista Marauder Kled Marauder Olaf Marauder Xin Zhao He might be referencing the Magelord side of Summoner's Rift . Urfwick This skin shares the Urf the Manatee theme with: Urf Kench Urf the Manatee Urf the Nami-tee Urfrider Corki He was released in celebration of the grand opening of the Essence Emporium . He became a Legacy skin while the original Urf the Manatee remained a Limited Edition skin. With his release, he along with a special loading screen border for the original Urf the Manatee was automatically given to all owners of the original skin . [1] He wears Urf's carcass and took over Planet Urf in the background (from the April Fools' Day 2015 login screen), though he lacks Urf the Manatee's laurels. Other re-released versions of Limited Edition skins include: Error: Skin Championship 2016 for Riven is not specified in Module:SkinData/data. (of Error: Skin Championship for Riven is not specified in Module:SkinData/data. ) Neo PAX Sivir (of PAX Sivir ) Lunar Guardian Warwick Chromas: Golden,  Jasper,  Pearl,  Ruby,  Turquoise This skin shares the Lunar Revel theme with: Coin Emperor Tahm Kench Jade Dragon Wukong Lunar Emperor Thresh Lunar Empress Lux Lunar Goddess Diana ...and others Lunar Guardian Kha'Zix Lunar Guardian Nasus Lunar Wraith Caitlyn Lunar Wraith Sylas Radiant Wukong He was released in celebration of Lunar Revel 2018 (Year of the Dog ) along with: Lunar Empress Lux Lunar Guardian Nasus He may be inspired by the Heavenly Dog , who eats the Sun and the Moon during eclipses. His head-dress also makes him resembles other mythological creatures like the Qilin , Xiezhi , & Pixiu . If Warwick activates Primal Howl , his fur color will change to yellow as well as having a yellow aura around him that will change to blue on the second cast. This is a reference to the Super Saiyan transformations from the Dragon Ball franchise. PROJECT: Warwick Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Meteorite,  Obsidian,  Reckoning,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Turquoise This skin shares the PROJECT theme with: Prestige PROJECT: Sylas Prestige PROJECT: Zed PROJECT: Akali PROJECT: Ekko PROJECT: Fiora ...and others PROJECT: Leona PROJECT: Renekton PROJECT: Sejuani PROJECT: Sylas PROJECT: Zed This is Warwick's first skin to reveal his human features, such as his head. Old God Warwick Chromas: Aquamarine,  Citrine,  Dark Ritual,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire This skin shares the Coven theme with: Coven Akali Coven Camille Coven Evelynn Coven LeBlanc Coven Lissandra ...and others Coven Zyra Old God Ivern Prestige Coven Akali Prestige Coven LeBlanc Prestige Coven Zyra It also shares the Elderwood theme with: Elderwood Ahri Elderwood Azir Elderwood Bard Elderwood Hecarim Elderwood LeBlanc ...and others Elderwood Rek'Sai Elderwood Wukong Elderwood Xayah Emerald Taric Old God Ivern From the premiere together with Old God Malphite , the others like Ivern and Nocturne changed the name of Coven to Old God , not to be confused with those of the Witches, but it belongs to the same Eclipse universe. Winterblessed Warwick Chromas: Citrine,  Emerald,  Granite,  Obsidian,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Turquoise,  Wreathguard This skin shares the Winterblessed theme with: Prestige Winterblessed Camille Prestige Winterblessed Warwick Winterblessed Annie Winterblessed Camille Winterblessed Diana ...and others Winterblessed Hecarim Winterblessed Senna Winterblessed Sylas Winterblessed Thresh Winterblessed Zoe Prestige Winterblessed Warwick This skin shares the Winterblessed theme with: Prestige Winterblessed Camille Winterblessed Annie Winterblessed Camille Winterblessed Diana Winterblessed Hecarim ...and others Winterblessed Senna Winterblessed Sylas Winterblessed Thresh Winterblessed Warwick Winterblessed Zoe References [ ] ↑ The Essence Emporium FAQ