Games Universe • League of Legends • Teamfight Tactics • Wild Rift Image Warwick Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Warwick the Uncaged Wrath of Zaun Release date 2009-02-21 Last changed V13.9 Class(es) Diver Legacy Fighter Tank Position(s) Top Jungle Resource Mana Range type Melee Adaptive type Physical Store price 450 | 260 Crafting + 270 Ratings Damage 2 Toughness 2 Control 2 Mobility 1 Utility 1 Style Difficulty Champion Spotlight Warwick Champion Spotlight Warwick is a champion in League of Legends . [1] Gameplay • Cosmetics • Audio • Development • Patch History • History • Trivia Base statistics Warwick Edit Health 620 +99 Mana 280 +35 Health regen. (per 5s) 4 +0.75 Mana regen. (per 5s) 7.45 +0.6 Armor 33 +4.4 Attack damage 65 +3 Magic resist. 32 +2.05 Crit. damage 175% Move. speed 335 Attack range 125 Attack speed Base AS 0.638 Attack windup 17.5% AS ratio N/A Bonus AS +2.3 % Unit radius Gameplay radius 55 Selection radius 111 Pathing radius 35 Acq. radius 400 Special statistics ARAM Nexus Blitz One For All URF Ult Spellbook Arena Damage Dealt +5% Damage Received -5% Healing +5% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt -5% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Abilities [ ] Edit Eternal Hunger Eternal Hunger Innate: Warwick deals 12 − 46 (based on level) (+ 15% bonus AD) (+ 10% AP) bonus magic damage on-hit . While below 50% maximum health , Warwick also heals for 100% of the post-mitigation damage dealt by Eternal Hunger , increased to 250% while below 25% maximum health . Hide Details Info Targeting input Passive Damage type Type Sub-type Proc damage Magic Counters Spell shield Parries Not Blocked Blocked Eternal Hunger does not affect: structures wards (except effigies ), Gangplank's kegs Illaoi's Tentacles PENDING FOR TEST: Other units with modified health behaviour. Edit Jaws of the Beast Jaws of the Beast COST: 50 / 60 / 70 / 80 / 90 Mana COOLDOWN : 6 CAST TIME: none TARGET RANGE: 350 RANGE: Global Active: Warwick lunges at the target enemy over 0. 264 seconds and bites them, dealing magic damage , healing himself for a percentage of the post-mitigation damage dealt, as well as applying on-hit and on-attack effects, and life steal at 100% effectiveness. The damage based on the target's health ratio is capped against monsters . Magic Damage: 6 / 7 / 8 / 9 / 10% of target's maximum health (+ 120% AD) (+ 100% AP) Maximum Monster Damage: 150 / 165 / 180 / 195 / 210 (+ 120% AD) (+ 100% AP) Healing Percentage: 25 / 37. 5 / 50 / 62. 5 / 75% While Jaws of the Beast is active, Warwick is displacement immune and clamps his jaw on the target, following all of their movement. The ability can be held for additional effects. Hold: Warwick performs the bite, and then begins to charge for 0. 5 seconds, extended if the target is under effects of a dash or displacement . During the charge, he leaps behind the target. Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Unit Target out-of-range override Walk in range of the target Damage type Type Sub-type Minion Aggro Basic damage Magic Drawn Counters Spell shield Parries Grounded Blocked Blocked See Notes Knockdown Disruption See Notes Interrupted Details Jaws of the Beast deals basic damage , but also triggers spell effects by dealing an additional 0 spell damage . Jaws of the Beast has a 0. 264 seconds cast delay , which is the amount of time required for the bite to occur from the start of the cast. This should not be confused with [ cast times ]. If the cast started beforehand, both the damage and the heal occur even after Warwick's death , or during resurrection . If the target dies prior to Warwick reaching them, Jaws of the Beast refunds its cooldown when tapped. The ability can be still held, however, Warwick is no longer eligible for the refund in this case. Correction: The refund can occasionally fail. (bug) The healing is calculated only from Jaws of the Beast's damage, while additional effects, such as on-hits, are not. While the bite always occurs after the same delay, the time spent lunging does not, which depends on the range Jaws of the Beast was cast away from the target, up to 0. 5 seconds when cast at maximum range. This does not affect the lockout timer, which is the same as the bite's delay. The lunge always places Warwick to his attack range to the center of his target, while the dash will place him up to the edge of his attack range from the target's edge. It has been special cased so Warwick does not follow an enemy's Recall or a Sion that revives from Glory in Death . Correction: This may occasionally fail. Also note that as of currently, if Warwick manages to bite the target in those conditions, he will almost always end up following them to their base. (bug) Jaws of the Beast's channel cannot be initiated while grounded or rooted . Warwick can only use the normal cast. The channel will not be interrupted by either of the two effects, despite the lock-on being a movement channel . Interactions & Other In order to hit the cap, the target monster needs to have at least 1667 / 1786 / 1875 / 1945 / 2000 health . Jaws of the Beast is the only ability in the game that combines channeling with displacement immunity . Every interrupting crowd control effect that is not resisted by the displacement immunity will prematurely stop the dash . The bite can still occur if cast before the crowd control application, but Warwick cannot start channeling. Abilities that apply both stun and airborne at the same time cause Warwick to ignore the displacement, but prematurely stop the channel and the dash. The only exception to this is Sion's Glory in Death . Warwick will follow enemies that move via attachment effects but the lock-on will not be extended. While Jaws of the Beast does not use Quick Casting by default, click-and-hold is comparable to the input required to use Bone Skewer or Comet Spear . It does not accept two-click input (e.g. First Cast and Recast) that abilities like Piercing Arrow or Decimating Smash use in Standard Casting. Warwick will attempt to basic attack the target after a short delay. The following table refers for interactions while Warwick is channeling : Type Charge channel Attacking Disabled Abilities Primal Howl is usable. Blood Hunt and Infinite Duress are disabled. Movement Disabled Items Usable Shurelya's Battlesong Youmuu's Ghostblade Randuin's Omen Disabled Hextech Rocketbelt Interrupted by All item-actives not specified above interrupt Consumables Usable Spells Usable Barrier Clarity Cleanse Exhaust Ghost Heal Ignite Smite Disabled N/A Interrupted by Flash Teleport Recall Hexflash Interrupted by Death Cast-inhibiting effects Known Issues Jaws of the Beast will also refund its cooldown if it kills the target after being held for exactly its bite delay. (bug) The ability can be shortly cast on a dead target, with the ability going on cooldown. (bug) Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit Damage health ratio changed to 5 / 6 / 7 / 8 / 9% of target's maximum health . AD ratio changed to 100% AD . Edit Blood Hunt Blood Hunt COST: 70 Mana COOLDOWN: 100 / 85 / 70 / 55 / 40 CAST TIME: 0. 5 RANGE: Global EFFECT RADIUS: 4000 Passive: Warwick gains bonus attack speed upon basic attacking an enemy who is below 50% of their maximum health , but loses it when not attacking them or switching to a target above the threshold. Bonus Attack Speed: 70 / 80 / 90 / 100 / 110% Increased Attack Speed: 175 / 200 / 225 / 250 / 275% Passive: Warwick senses all enemy champions on the map who are damaged below 50% of their maximum health by an allied source, marking them with Blood Hunt until they regenerate or heal above this threshold again. He sees trails leading toward them and gains bonus movement speed while following a trail. This bonus is lost for 0. 5 seconds upon entering champion combat , but will build up again over 3. 5 seconds. Bonus Movement Speed: 35 / 42. 5 / 50 / 57. 5 / 65% Increased Movement Speed: 87. 5 / 106. 25 / 125 / 143. 75 / 162. 5 % The attack speed and movement speed Passive bonuses are increased to 250% against enemies who are below 20% of their maximum health . Active: Warwick senses the nearest enemy champion in the area, marking them with Blood Hunt for 8 seconds, gaining both passive bonuses against them regardless of their current health . Blood Hunt is placed on a 3-second static cooldown during champion combat. Additionally, while no enemy champions are marked, the current cooldown of Blood Hunt runs out twice as quickly - it is reduced by an additional second for each second passed. Link ▶️ Blood Hunted music. Hide Details Info Targeting input Auto Invalid target override The ability will cast with no valid targets. Counters Spell shield Not Blocked Correction: The in-game description incorrectly states that the bonuses are tripled (300%) against enemies below 20% of their maximum health . Eternal Hunger had a similar issue which was eventually fixed when it was rewritten. If Blood Hunt was cast with no enemy champions within range, the ability does nothing and goes on cooldown. As mentioned by the description, Blood Hunt only marks enemy champions if they are damaged below the thresholds by an allied source. This includes Warwick himself, champions, minions , and turrets . The only exception is the allied Nexus Obelisk , because that deals internalraw damage, which does not trigger damage-related events such as Blood Hunt's marking. Note that monsters are neutral units. Blood Hunt can detect and target decoys . Blood Hunt will occur from wherever Warwick was at the start of the cast time. Blood Hunt has an indicator that appears above the target(s) when they are being hunted. Some skins have a unique indicator. Classic PROJECT Lunar Guardian Old God Winterblessed Prestige Winterblessed Each of Old God's Chromas have a unique color variation: Ruby Citrine Emerald Sapphire Rose Quartz Obsidian Aquamarine Pearl Dark Ritual Correction: It should be noted that as of right now, skins that use the original's assets are all using a purple-blueish indicator that was undocumentedly introduced. It was possibly meant for color blind mode, based on the color. It is unknown whether the change was intentional or is a wrongly implemented feature. Edit Primal Howl Primal Howl COST: 40 Mana COOLDOWN : 15 / 14 / 13 / 12 / 11 CAST TIME: none EFFECT RADIUS: 375 Active: Warwick gains damage reduction for up to 2. 5 seconds. Primal Howl can be recast after 1 second, and does so automatically after the duration. Damage Reduction: 35 / 40 / 45 / 50 / 55% Recast: Warwick howls, ending Primal Howl's effects and fearing nearby enemies for 1 second, slowing them by 90%. Starting Infinite Duress' channel while Primal Howl is active will initiate the recast without ending the damage reduction buff prematurely. Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Auto Counters Spell shield Blocked The initial cast and the manual recast count as ability activations for the purposes of on-cast effects such as Spellblade and triggering Force Pulse's passive. If the ability is not manually recasted, the secondary effect will trigger without being considered as an ability activation. The recast's howling animation has a 0. 5 -second lockout time. This will also cancel Warwick's basic attack. Warwick cannot attack or cast abilities during the animation, instead the last input will be buffered to play after it ends. Warwick will automatically recast if he enters resurrection . Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit Cooldown changed to 18 / 17 / 16 / 15 / 14 seconds. Edit Infinite Duress Infinite Duress COST: 100 Mana COOLDOWN : 110 / 90 / 70 CAST TIME: 0. 1 RANGE: 250% movement speed COLLISION RADIUS: 150 Active: Warwick leaps in the target direction with crowd control immunity , stopping upon hitting an enemy champion. He then knocks them down and channels for up to 1. 5 seconds to suppress , reveal , and deal magic damage every 0. 25 seconds, revealing himself in the process. Total Magic Damage: 175 / 350 / 525 (+ 167% bonus AD) Warwick heals for 100% of all post-mitigation damage he deals to the target during Infinite Duress . Infinite Duress applies on-hit and on-attack effects 3 times, and life steal at 100% effectiveness. Primal Howl can be cast during the dash. Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Direction Damage type Type Sub-type Basic damage Magic Counters Spell shield Parries Grounded Blocked Blocked Disabled Knockdown Disruption Not Interrupted Interrupted Infinite Duress deals basic damage , but also triggers spell effects by dealing an additional 0 spell damage . The minimum range of the ability is 275 units, based on the minimum movement speed that a champion can have (110) while still being able to move. The "base" range of this ability is 837. 5 because of his 335 base movement speed. Considering movement speed soft caps, with Blood Hunt , this range increases to 1112 / 1145. 5 / 1179 / 1203. 125 / 1224. 0625 , further increased to 1360. 15625 / 1412. 5 / 1464. 84375 / 1517. 1875 / 1569. 53125 against enemy champions below 20% health . Infinite Duress deals a total of 6 damage instances: The 1st, 3rd, and 5th ticks deals 2/9ths of the total damage as a single instance while applying both spell and on-hit effects. The 2nd, 4th, and 6th ticks deal 1/9ths of the total damage as a single instance while applying spell effects but not on-hit effects. If Warwick does not collide with a champion, he will slide a fixed distance past the maximum range during which he is no longer crowd control immune and unable to declare basic attacks or cast movement abilities, including Flash , but being able to cast Jaws of the Beast and Blood Hunt , with the former also interrupting the slide. Warwick is able to cast Primal Howl at any time during the dash. Activating Zhonya's Hourglass during the dash interrupts it. Each hit counts as a separate hit for effects such as Electrocute and Eclipse's Ever Rising Moon . Warwick gains the cc-immunity at the start of the cast time. Cleansing the suppression does not interrupt the channel and Warwick will continue to strike but not deal any damage. Infinite Duress is special cased to have its channel interrupted by Fate's Call . If the target is crowd control immune or protected by spell shield upon collision, Warwick will not start the channel . If the target is in a zombie state , Warwick will stop the channel after ~0. 5 seconds of hitting them. (bug) Infinite Duress covers Warwick's hitbox, meaning he will collide with enemy champions that are particularly close to him. The following table refers for interactions while Warwick is channeling : Type Channel Attacking Disabled Abilities Disabled Movement Disabled Items Usable Shurelya's Battlesong Youmuu's Ghostblade Randuin's Omen Disabled All the other item-actives are disabled Interrupted by N/A Consumables Usable Spells Usable Barrier Clarity Cleanse Exhaust Ghost Heal Ignite Smite Disabled Flash Teleport Recall Hexflash Interrupted by N/A Interrupted by Death Cast-inhibiting effects Type Cast time Attacking Disabled Abilities Disabled Movement Disabled Items Usable Shurelya's Battlesong Youmuu's Ghostblade Randuin's Omen Disabled All the other item-actives are disabled Interrupted by N/A Consumables Usable Spells Usable Barrier Clarity Cleanse Exhaust Ghost Heal Ignite Smite Disabled Flash Teleport Recall Hexflash Interrupted by N/A Interrupted by Death, unless protected by Resurrection Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit Total base damage changed to 100 / 200 / 300. Champion skins [ ] This article section only contains champion skins. For all associated collection items, see Warwick (Collection) . Original View in 3D 260 21.02.2009 Warwick is a monster who hunts the gray alleys of Zaun. Transformed by agonizing experiments, his body is fused with an intricate system of chambers and pumps, machinery filling his veins with alchemical rage. Bursting out of the shadows, he preys upon those criminals who terrorize the city’s depths. Warwick is drawn to blood, and driven mad by its scent. None who spill it can escape him. Dave B. Mitchell Victor '3rdColossus' Maury Loot eligible Grey View in 3D Special 08.07.2010 Warwick was a man, once—a knight of great renown, pledged to serve at the side of Blade Queen Lissandra. In exchange for his loyalty she gifted him a shard of spectral moonlight, cursed to one day pierce his heart and sink him into the depths of depravity. Dave B. Mitchell Mist XG Omen of the Dark Loot inelgible New SFX/VFX Chromas Grey Warwick Chromas Meteorite Rose Quartz Sapphire Urf the Manatee View in 3D 5000 31.03.2010 Dave B. Mitchell Bo 'chenbowow' Chen Urf the Manatee Loot inelgible New Animations/Recall Big Bad View in 3D 520 27.04.2010 Having recently eaten three stubborn hogs and a duck who couldn't run very fast, Warwick has pivoted into devouring kindly grandmothers and wearing their clothes. He then impersonates them to get close to their grandchildren, who he also devours. Warwick is a really bad guy. Dave B. Mitchell Max Grecke Storybook Loot eligible Legacy Tundra Hunter View in 3D 520 15.08.2010 Dave B. Mitchell Jessica 'OwleyCat' Oyhenart Freljord Loot eligible New SFX/VFX Feral View in 3D 975 16.11.2010 Another of Singed's vile henchmen, Warwick is never far from his villainous master. Given wolf powers after being bitten by a radioactive wolf, Warwick has been further augmented by Singed's evil research! Will our brave heroes ever be able to stop him?! Dave B. Mitchell Mike Azevedo Silver Age Loot eligible Legacy New SFX/VFX Firefang View in 3D 975 29.03.2011 The Ashen Lord's hounds blaze with the fires of unspeakable molten hellscapes, and at their head is Warwick, the Firefang. Scouring the earth for anything untouched by flame, he relentlessly hunts the survivors of Infernal attacks, reducing them to sputtering cinders. Dave B. Mitchell Xi Zhang Infernal Loot eligible New SFX/VFX Hyena View in 3D 975 05.12.2011 In the old days, hyenas were known as opportunistic hunters famed for their violent infighting and chorus of inhuman laughter. Now, in the wasteland, not much has changed. Dave B. Mitchell Izzy Medrano Road Warrior Loot eligible Additional/unique quotes New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Marauder View in 3D 750 17.02.2015 Ancient writings concerning the rise and fall of the Magelords make curious references to “Runes”, and the cataclysmic properties they supposedly held. These mysteries are compounded by chimeric monstrosities such as Warwick, whose existence within the Marauder ranks defies any rational explanation. Dave B. Mitchell Pan Chengwei Marauder Loot eligible Urfwick View in 3D 150000) 08.11.2017 Dave B. Mitchell Bo 'chenbowow' Chen Urf the Manatee Loot inelgible New Animations/Recall This skin is a variant of Urf the Manatee . Store variants are discounted for multiple purchases. Lunar Guardian View in 3D 1350 08.02.2018 Gifted to the Lunar Empress when she was a child, Warwick was raised alongside her to guard the immortal realm from an encroaching darkness. More beastly and feral than his companion Nasus, Warwick stands watch in the south, relentlessly pursuing foes to the ends of the world. Dave B. Mitchell Esben Lash Rasmussen Lunar Revel Loot eligible Legacy New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Lunar Guardian Warwick Chromas Golden Jasper Pearl Ruby Turquoise PROJECT View in 3D 1350 01.08.2019 Plucked from the wastelands by a PROJECT research cell, Warwick has been irrevocably transformed into a horrifying new stage of transhuman evolution—a weaponized monster stripped of all remorse, and programmed solely for violent suppression. Through the meddling of the ragtag outsiders, he escaped before being completed, and now rampages indiscriminately across the City. Dave B. Mitchell Unknown artist PROJECT Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas PROJECT: Warwick Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Meteorite Obsidian Reckoning Rose Quartz Ruby Turquoise Old God View in 3D 1350 12.08.2021 Once known as Father Wolf, Warwick roamed the wood and reveled in moonlight's bloody hunt. The Eclipse Order thought to slay him in his den and end his barbarity—but death means nothing to Old Gods, and he did not stay down. Father Wolf howls into the night once more, now slavering for the taste of human flesh. Dave B. Mitchell Augusto Quirino, West Studio Coven Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Old God Warwick Chromas Aquamarine Citrine Dark Ritual Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Winterblessed View in 3D 1350 08.12.2022 The Beast Warwick sniffed his newborn sibling, the Automaton Shaco, as his maker beckoned the leaders to accept their gifts. The Hunter claimed the Beast as his prize, but the prospect of sharing so disgusted the Sage and Warden that chaos quickly erupted over who deserved what. All the while Warwick focused on Polaris, who watched with a wry smile. Dave B. Mitchell Rudy Siswanto Winterblessed Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Winterblessed Warwick Chromas Citrine Emerald Granite Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Wreathguard Prestige Winterblessed View in 3D Special 08.12.2022 It can get rough on the runway, but everybody knows better than to mess with Warwick. Between his razor sharp cuts, impeccable grooming, and wolfpack entourage, the Gala better think twice before it calls this one a beast. Dave B. Mitchell Francis Tneh, West Studio Winterblessed Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall This skin is a variant of Winterblessed . Store variants are discounted for multiple purchases. Patch history [ ] For the expanded patch notes, see here Trivia [ ] Warwick, the Blood Hunter Warwick's dance references Thriller by Michael Jackson . A side-by-side comparison can be seen here . Warwick was the second champion to have his Influence Point price reduced twice (the others being Garen and Miss Fortune ). Warwick shares a name with a town in England , where it means "abode by the weir". However, the town's name is pronounced with the second w being silent. His ability icons depicted him in his Grey skin's color scheme rather than his Original skin's. In the now-removed official League of Legends forums , the icon of Hunter's Call was used to represent the "Announcements" section. Warwick, the Uncaged Wrath of Zaun Following his rework , Warwick retains his dance reference to Thriller by Michael Jackson. A side-by-side comparison can be seen here . He shares this dance with Zombie Brand . Warwick is displayed when typing 'Urf' in Champion Select. This is a reference to his Urf the Manatee skin (see more details in the "Relations" section below). However, as of his current rework, recent origins behind the skin is unknown. Warwick, Vayne and Trundle are the only champions without damaging area-of-effect abilities. See also [ ] League of Legends Wiki | Champions Cancelled Champions Ao Shin Avasha Averdrian CeeCee Cyborg Cowboy Eagle Rider Gavid Husk Iron Engineer Ivan Omen Priscilla Rob Blackblade Seth Tabu Tiki Urf Well References [ ] ↑ Warwick's profile page at LeagueOfLegends.com