"You belong in a museum!" This article or section may contain obsolete information, but exists here for historical purposes. This item has been removed on patch V6.9 . Will of the Ancients edit Stats +80 ability power +10% cooldown reduction Passive Unique: Heal for 15% of all pre-mitigation damage dealt (including true damage ) by abilities . Area damage only heals 5% for every unit affected. Limitations Limited to 1 Will of the Ancients . Recipe + + 300 Cost Sell ID 2300 1610 3152 Availability Menu Magic>Ability Power Magic>Cooldown Reduction Will of the Ancients was a legendary item in League of Legends . Recipe Will of the Ancients 2300 ( 300 ) Hextech Revolver 1050 ( 180 ) Amplifying Tome 400 Amplifying Tome 400 Fiendish Codex 900 ( 250 ) Amplifying Tome 400 Glowing Mote 250 Cost Analysis Gold Value 80 ability power = 1740 10% cooldown reduction = 300 15% " spell vamp " = 412. 5 Total Gold Value = 2452. 5 Gold efficiency Will of the Ancients' base stats were 106. 63 % gold efficient. Similar items Bloodthirster Hextech Gunblade Morellonomicon Notes Will of the Ancients was very useful with ability power -based champions that have abilities requiring health costs (e.g. Mordekaiser ) as the healing could help mitigate these costs. Will of the Ancients and Spirit Visage were a great item combination, as Spirit Visage could further boost Will of the Ancients' healing effect. Cooldown - or energy -based champions, such as Katarina and Kennen , could also make use of Will of the Ancients for the sustainability as they can spam their abilities more willingly than mana -based champions. This item was removed because it was very rarely purchased on most AP champions, since it was better to build other raw AP items to try to burst down an enemy as fast as possible and they didn't had time to sustain. In addition, most AP champions have AoE damage, meaning the sustain was too small to make this item worth purchasing. On the very few champions it was purchased, it was known to cause balancing issues. In particular, Vladimir forced this item to be balanced around his very existence, since he had WotA as his core item and could abuse it very well. No actual replacement to this item has been made ( Vladimir has been reworked and rebalanced around the fact that Will of the Ancients do not exist). However, there are currently two items that come close, named Death's Dance and Hextech Gunblade . The former is an AD item. The latter is an AD / AP hybrid item both heal from any damage source, including true damage ; however, the later is not abused by AP champions like Vladimir because it is significantly more expensive, has a worse build path for them, has wasted stats for them (like the AD ), and lacks cooldown reduction. 