Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Wukong View in 3D 880 / 26-Jul-2011 Volcanic Wukong View in 3D 975 / 26-Jul-2011 General Wukong View in 3D 750 / 26-Jul-2011 Jade Dragon Wukong View in 3D 975 / 10-Jan-2012 Radiant Wukong View in 3D 1350 / 27-Jan-2016 Lancer Stratus Wukong View in 3D 1350 / 04-Apr-2018 Battle Academia Wukong View in 3D 1350 / 18-Mar-2021 Elderwood Wukong View in 3D 1350 / 28-Jun-2023 Battle Academia Wukong Chromas Catseye Emerald Meteorite Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Elderwood Wukong Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Citrine Emerald Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Turquoise Jade Dragon Wukong Chromas Meteorite Legacy Vault Underworld Wukong View in 3D 1350 / 28-Oct-2014 Screenshots [ ] Jade Dragon Wukong Underworld Wukong Radiant Wukong Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Cirrostratus Multiple (2+) champions hit by a single Nimbus Strike (E) Monkey's Uncles Champion Attacks or Abilities wasted on Decoy (W) clones Tilt-a-Whirls Multiple (2+) champion knock-ups up with Cyclone (R) Bonk! Damage taken by champions due to Crushing Blow's (Q) Armor reduction Monke Strong Champion damage mitigated with Stone Skin (P) when at max stacks Wuju Trickery Damage to champions from Warrior Trickster (W) Trivia [ ] Original Wukong The old Chinese splash art features several elements from the original Sun Wukong's tale. The water dragon (which is also featured in the Jade Dragon's artwork) may be a reference to the exiled Dragon prince who swallowed Sanzang's mount in the Journey to the West , causing Wukong to fight against it. Said Dragon prince in some adaptations of the original novel would actually become a group member with Wukong as Sanzang's substitute mount. The glowing crescent moon on Wukong's forehead references the original hooplet the original Sun Wukong wore. Volcanic Wukong This skin shares the Infernal theme with: Charred Maokai Firefang Warwick Infernal Akali Infernal Alistar Infernal Amumu ...and others Infernal Diana Infernal Shen Scorched Earth Renekton Scorched Earth Xerath Wildfire Zyra It may be a reference to Journey to the West's aforementioned prequel story, when Sun Wukong was locked in a cauldron by the Taoist Lao Tzu AKA Taishang Laojun (on behalf of the Jade Emperor to assist in executing him as no options were left) to be distilled by severe, sacred fires for 40–50 days straight to be turned into an elixir. But when Lao Tzu opened the lid, Wukong was alive and stronger than ever with a newfound ability Jīnjīng Huǒyǎn (金睛火眼, lit. Gold Pupil Fire Eyes) which enabled him to see evil (but gave him a weakness to smoke). With this in mind, Wukong's weapon via this skin is instead a broken, molten pillar, a possible piece of the remains from the said confinement. The skin may also be a reference to a character/Pokémon from the Pokémon series, Infernape (Japanese original: ゴウカザル; Goukazaru ), who was said to be based on Sun Wukong as well. It also coincidentally parallels the Rajang of the Monster Hunter series, as not only does the Rajang bear reference to the Saiyans of Dragon Ball lore (via the other Wukong/Gokuu from that series), the more stronger variations of the species tend to reside in volcanic areas. in the Philippine server, Volcanic Wukong's price is reduced to 1 RP in order to raise awareness about the recent Taal Volcano eruption, a volcano in the Philippines General Wukong This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali This skin also plays nod to some traditional armor Sun Wukong wore during the aforementioned prequel tale, due to having a more notable war-motif throughout most of the story with him fighting against the heavens. It also nods to the more famous title of Wukong as well, the Qitian Dasheng (齊天大聖, lit. Equaling-Heaven Great-Sage). The many meteors raining down in the splash art may be a reference to the birthplace of Wukong, known as Huaguoshan (花果山, lit. Flower Fruit Mountain), which was under attack during said tale. Wukong's famous headband/coronet from Journey to the West appears about his forehead in this splash art, along with Wukong's other skins, save for his Volcanic skin and his Classic skin. The name of this coronet is the Jingu'er (緊箍児, lit. Tightening Hooplet). The shape of the coronet on General Wukong's head resembles the "coronets" worn by two of Wukong's original companions, Zhu Bajie (豬八戒, lit. Pig of Eight Precepts , and Sha Wujing (沙悟凈, lit. Sand [man] Awakened to Purity ). The very first version of his splash art had a symbol resembling the logo from Quake on his forehead before it was edited to reduce the resemblance . The skin's bio first debut in Wild Rift . It is a reference to Journey to the West . Jade Dragon Wukong Chromas: Meteorite This skin shares the Lunar Revel theme with: Coin Emperor Tahm Kench Lunar Emperor Thresh Lunar Empress Lux Lunar Goddess Diana Lunar Guardian Kha'Zix ...and others Lunar Guardian Nasus Lunar Guardian Warwick Lunar Wraith Caitlyn Lunar Wraith Sylas Radiant Wukong He was released in celebration of Lunar Revel 2012 (Year of the Dragon ) along with: Dragon Fist Lee Sin Guqin Sona Dragonblade Talon He wears Chinese jade , which is commonly carved in the form of a dragon. Carved-jade objects is regarded to being intrinsically valuable. They are metaphorically equated with human virtues because of their hardness, durability, and (moral) beauty. In this skin, Wukong possesses a coronet that is more classically styled akin to the one worn by the original Sun Wukong. Underworld Wukong This skin shares the Death Sworn theme with: Darkrider Sejuani Death Sworn Katarina Death Sworn Viktor Death Sworn Zed Gravelord Azir Reaper Hecarim Reaper Soraka Shadow Evelynn Soul Reaver Draven He was released in celebration of Harrowing 2014 along with: Ravenborn LeBlanc Reaper Soraka , while fitting the Harrowing theme and was released in 2014, was released after Harrowing 2014. He resembles a typical Shadow Isles champion in appearance. This skin's concept used to be called "Shadow Isles Wukong." As such, this skin is meant to show how it would be if Wukong was a Shadow Isles champion, just like how Void Fizz is meant to show how it would be if he was a Voidborn champion. This skin shares coincidental ties to the original Sun Wukong once more, who in the original Journey to the West novel was once sentenced to natural death via his name being written in the Book of Death during his prequel chapter. Wukong soon erased his own name, granting him immortality from natural death. Radiant Wukong This skin shares the Lunar Revel theme with: Coin Emperor Tahm Kench Jade Dragon Wukong Lunar Emperor Thresh Lunar Empress Lux Lunar Goddess Diana ...and others Lunar Guardian Kha'Zix Lunar Guardian Nasus Lunar Guardian Warwick Lunar Wraith Caitlyn Lunar Wraith Sylas He was released in celebration of Lunar Revel 2016 (Year of the Monkey ) along with: Lunar Wraith Caitlyn Lunar Wraith Morgana His smoke clouds were inspired by traditional Chinese and Japanese artworks . This skin was not made a Legacy skin as opposed to the other 2016 Lunar Revel skins due to his previously released skin, Underworld Wukong , being a Legacy skin. [1] The skin is also a possible nod to the original Wukong's armor during his prequel tale as aforementioned with his General Wukong skin, due to including the pheasant feather-tail crown as seen in some portrayals of the said armor. Wukong also wears an orange, sleeveless martial arts outfit with a blue belt, while also having bright-spiky hair/fur. This makes Wukong resemble the Super Saiyan transformation from the Dragon Ball franchise, which was seen achieved first by the Sun Wukong/Son Gokuu of that series, as well as his iconic orange, blue-banded Turtle School gi. The only few differences this skin has with his other skins is one extra new quote, and a high movement speed animation. Lancer Stratus Wukong This skin shares the Lancer theme with: Lancer Paragon Blitzcrank Lancer Rogue Blitzcrank Lancer Zero Hecarim His color scheme closely resembles the Victorious and Warden skins. This skin references the Lancelot Conquista Knightmare Frame from the Code Geass series. Battle Academia Wukong Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Meteorite,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire This skin shares the Battle Academia theme with: Battle Academia Caitlyn Battle Academia Garen Battle Academia Katarina Battle Academia Leona Battle Academia Lux ...and others Battle Principal Yuumi Battle Professor Graves Prestige Battle Academia Leona Prestige Battle Academia Lux Prestige Battle Academia Lux (2022) This is the first skin depicting him as a human. Elderwood Wukong Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Citrine,  Emerald,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Turquoise This skin shares the Elderwood theme with: Elderwood Ahri Elderwood Azir Elderwood Bard Elderwood Hecarim Elderwood LeBlanc ...and others Elderwood Rek'Sai Elderwood Xayah Emerald Taric Old God Ivern Old God Warwick References [ ] ↑ Radiant Wukong nota Legacy skin