Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Xerath View in 3D 880 / 05-Oct-2011 Runeborn Xerath View in 3D 750 / 05-Oct-2011 Battlecast Xerath View in 3D 520 / 05-Oct-2011 Scorched Earth Xerath View in 3D 1350 / 13-Jul-2012 Guardian of the Sands Xerath View in 3D 1350 / 26-Apr-2015 Dark Star Xerath View in 3D 1350 / 26-Mar-2020 Arcana Xerath View in 3D 1350 / 13-May-2021 Astronaut Xerath View in 3D 1350 / 24-Feb-2023 Arcana Xerath Chromas Amethyst Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Astronaut Xerath Chromas Amethyst Catseye Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sandstone Sapphire Turquoise Dark Star Xerath Chromas Antimatter Emerald Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Screenshots [ ] Scorched Earth Xerath Guardian of the Sands Xerath Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Accuropulse Champions hit by Arcanopulse (Q) at greater than 75% of max range Arcane Aim Champions killed with Rite of the Arcane (R) Eye of the Storm Champions hit by the center of Eye of Destruction (W) Arcane Arsenal Champions hit with both Eye of Destruction (W) and Shocking Orb (E) within 2s Dance For Me Subsequent hits on the same champion with Rite of the Arcane (R) Power Point Mana Surge (P) triggers on champions Trivia [ ] Original Xerath He resembles an Archon from Starcraft . Due to the community's popular demand, both Battlecast Xerath and Runeborn Xerath were reworked. They both received new particle effects and colors due to them being too similar to the Classic skin before the rework. Battlecast Xerath has red particles and Runeborn Xerath has green particles. If Mordekaiser's ultimate, Children of the Grave , is on Xerath when he dies, the neon coloration of the skin will still be on the ghost. Classic skin will be blue, Battlecast will be red, Runeborn will be green, and Scorched Earth will have a lava texture, this is entirely unique for Xerath as all other champions lose all color and become grey and transparent while they are ghosts. The reason for this is because his body is a visual effect and not an actual model. Battlecast Xerath This skin shares the Battlecast theme with: Battlecast Nasus Battlecast Urgot Battlecast Zac Battlecast Alpha Skarner Battlecast Prime Cho'Gath ...and others Resistance Caitlyn Resistance Illaoi Resistance Jayce Resistance Singed Resistance Yorick In Xerath's champion spotlight, he was called "Lockdown Xerath" and Runeborn Xerath was called "Runeforge Xerath". The particles for this skin are colored red, they were colored blue before the rework. Additionally, his splash art was also updated to match the new particles. He was the first Battlecast skin ever made, though Battlecast Alpha Skarner was the first Battlecast machine made in-universe. Runeborn Xerath This skin shares the Legacy theme with: Darkflame Shyvana Defender Leona Earthrune Skarner Gladiator Draven Hillbilly Gragas ...and others Iron Solari Leona Ironscale Shyvana Jailbreak Graves Rusty Blitzcrank Silverfang Akali The particles for this skin are colored green, they were colored blue before the rework. Additionally, his splash art was also updated to match the new particles. Scorched Earth Xerath This skin shares the Infernal theme with: Charred Maokai Firefang Warwick Infernal Akali Infernal Alistar Infernal Amumu ...and others Infernal Diana Infernal Shen Scorched Earth Renekton Volcanic Wukong Wildfire Zyra It might be a reference to the military doctrine of Scorched Earth , in which anything deemed useful to the enemy is destroyed. His appearance and armor bears a similarity to Pyroviles, a volcanic alien species featuring in the fourth series of Doctor Who - "The Fires of Pompeii" episode. The Skin's splash art features a volcano in the background that shares a resemblance to Vesuvius. Guardian of the Sands Xerath This skin shares the Guardian of the Sands theme with: Guardian of the Sands Janna Guardian of the Sands Kha'Zix Guardian of the Sands Rammus Guardian of the Sands Rengar Guardian of the Sands Ryze ...and others Guardian of the Sands Skarner Risen Fiddlesticks Sand Wraith Pyke Sandstorm Ekko Sandstorm Katarina This skin may represent Xerath in his fully Ascended form. The skin may be a reference to Ahn'Qiraj from World of Warcraft . Dark Star Xerath Chromas: Antimatter,  Emerald,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire This skin shares the Dark Star theme with: Dark Cosmic Jhin Dark Cosmic Lissandra Dark Cosmic Lux Dark Cosmic Erasure Jhin Dark Star Cho'Gath ...and others Dark Star Karma Dark Star Orianna Dark Star Shaco Dark Star Thresh Dark Star Varus Arcana Xerath Chromas: Amethyst,  Citrine,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire This skin shares the Arcana theme with: Arcana Ahri Arcana Camille Arcana Hecarim Arcana Lucian Arcana Rakan Arcana Ryze Arcana Tahm Kench Arcana Xayah This is his first skin where he has a human-like appearance. Astronaut Xerath Chromas: Amethyst,  Catseye,  Obsidian,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sandstone,  Sapphire,  Turquoise This skin shares the Astronauts theme with: Astronaut Bard Astronaut Corki Astronaut Fizz Astronaut Ivern Astronaut Kennen ...and others Astronaut Maokai Astronaut Poppy Astronaut Singed Astronaut Teemo AstroNautilus References [ ]