Games Universe • League of Legends • Teamfight Tactics • Legends of Runeterra • Wild Rift Image Yasuo Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Yasuo the Unforgiven Release date 2013-12-13 Last changed V13.15 Class(es) Skirmisher Legacy Fighter Assassin Position(s) Top Middle Bottom Resource Flow Range type Melee Adaptive type Physical Store price 1350 | 585 Crafting + 810 Ratings Damage 3 Toughness 1 Control 2 Mobility 3 Utility 2 Style Difficulty Champion Spotlight Yasuo Champion Spotlight Yasuo is a champion in League of Legends . [1] Gameplay • Cosmetics • Audio • Development • Patch History • History • Trivia Base statistics Yasuo Edit Health 590 +110 Resource N/A Health regen. (per 5s) 6.5 +0.9 Secondary Bar Flow (100) Armor 30 +4.6 Attack damage 60 +3 Magic resist. 32 +2.05 Crit. damage 175% ( ×  0.9) Move. speed 345 Attack range 175 Attack speed Base AS 0.697 Attack windup 22% AS ratio 0.67 Bonus AS +3.5 % Unit radius Gameplay radius 65 Selection radius 75 Pathing radius 32 Acq. radius 400 Special statistics ARAM Nexus Blitz One For All URF Ult Spellbook Arena Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received -10% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Abilities [ ] Edit Way of the Wanderer Way of the Wanderer Innate - Intent: Yasuo's total critical strike chance is multiplied by 2. 5 from all other sources, but his critical strikes deal only 「 (57. 5 % + 36% ) AD bonus physical damage . 」 「 90% of the normal critical strike damage . 」 Additionally, 「 every 1% critical strike chance in excess of 100% is converted into 0. 4 bonus AD . 」 「 every 50% critical strike chance in excess of 100% is converted into 20 bonus AD . 」 Innate - Resolve: Yasuo generates Flow for every 59 / 52. 5 / 46 (based on level) units he travels by any means. At 「 100 stacks 」 「 5900 / 5250 / 4600 (based on level) units traveled 」 and upon taking damage from an enemy champion or monster , Yasuo consumes all Flow to grant himself a shield for 125 − 600 (based on level) that lasts up to 1 second. Hide Details Tips & Tricks Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Passive Yasuo is able to reach 100% critical strike chance with Way of the Wanderer's multiplier after obtaining a total of 40% critical strike chance . Way of the Wanderer will multiply Yasuo's critical strike chance after Guinsoo's Rageblade's Wrath is calculated. Yasuo's critical strikes deal damage equal to 151.75% AD , and 189% AD with Infinity Edge . This is 13. 25 % less than the standard 175% and 22% less than the standard 220% with Infinity Edge . Tips & Tricks Taking into account Yasuo's 345 base movement speed and assuming he's constantly moving, it will take 17. 1 / 15. 22 / 13. 33 (based on level) seconds to generate 100 Flow stacks. Taking into account the 45 bonus movement speed that most Tier 2 boots grant (resulting in 390 total movement speed ), it will take 15. 13 / 13. 46 / 11. 79 (based on level) seconds to generate 100 Flow stacks. Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit Base shield changed to 130% value. Edit Steel Tempest Steel Tempest CAST TIME: 0. 35 − 0. 175 (based on bonus attack speed) / 0. 35 − 0. 28 (based on bonus attack speed) STATIC COOLDOWN: 4 − 1. 33 (based on bonus attack speed) RANGE: 450 / 1150 EFFECT RADIUS: 215 WIDTH: 80 / 180 SPEED: 1200 Active: Yasuo thrusts his sword in a line in the target direction that deals physical damage to enemies hit and applies on-hit and on-attack effects at 100% effectiveness to the first enemy hit. Steel Tempest's damage can critically strike for 「 (47% + 33. 6 % ) AD bonus physical damage . 」 「 84% of the critical damage champions usually have. 」 Physical Damage: 20 / 45 / 70 / 95 / 120 (+ 105% AD) If this hits at least one enemy, Yasuo generates a stack of Gathering Storm for 6 seconds, stacking up to 2 times and refreshing on subsequent hits. At 2 stacks, the next Steel Tempest consumes them all to become empowered with a new effect. Gathering Storm Bonus: Yasuo unleashes a whirlwind in the target direction that deals the same damage to enemies hit and knocks them up for 0. 75 seconds, or 0. 9 seconds in combination with Sweeping Blade . Steel Tempest's thrust is interrupted if Yasuo is affected by disarming crowd control during the cast time, but its cooldown is reset to 0. 1 seconds. If Steel Tempest is cast during Sweeping Blade , it will instead affect enemies around Yasuo at the end of the dash, or doing so immediately at his landing location after blinking while ending the dash prematurely. Hide Details Tips & Tricks Info Targeting input Direction Damage type Type Sub-type Minion Aggro See Notes Physical See Notes Counters Spell shield Parries Projectile Blocked See Notes See Notes Casting Sweeping Blade when Steel Tempest's remaining cooldown is less than 0. 5 seconds resets this remaining cooldown to allow casting it in combination, but adds the refunded time to the cooldown of that cast. If Yasuo becomes unable to cast abilities during the dash after buffering, Steel Tempest will not cast, but will still go on cooldown. (bug) The one Gathering Storm stack is named Steel Wind Rising . The whirlwind from consuming stacks of Gathering Storm can strike targets whose center is behind Yasuo , unlike most missiles . The whirlwind is not released when cast during Sweeping Blade , but instead knocks up all enemies hit around Yasuo at the end of the dash. Steel Tempest applies basic damage to the first (closest) enemy hit and area damage to secondary enemies: Steel Tempest will apply on-hit effects to the first target hit, but will not do so to the secondary ones. Steel Tempest will not apply spell effects to the first target hit, but will do so to the secondary ones. Spell vamp will only grant healing from the damage dealt to secondary targets, and healing is reduced to 33% effectiveness, accordingly. Life steal will heal based on the damage dealt to the first target hit. The whirlwind is a missile and can therefore be intercepted . Steel Tempest will only draw minion aggro if the first target is a champion. This ability will cast from wherever the caster is at the end of the cast time. Each parry has different interactions with this ability, whether it's the first target of Steel Tempest or the secondary one. In either case Yasuo still gains a stack of Gathering Storm and his whirlwind knock-up cannot be negated by parries: Dodge : both first target and secondary target do not take damage. Block : first target does not take damage, secondary target does take damage. Blind : both first target and secondary target do take damage. Steel Tempest rolls its critical strikes individually against each enemy hit. Casting Last Breath during Steel Tempest will buffer it to cast after the cast time has completed. However, if Last Breath is used on a target affected by an airborne source that is not Yasuo , it is cast immediately due to Steel Tempest's cast time ending prematurely. Steel Tempest will still cast in this case. If Steel Tempest is buffered during Sweeping Blade and Yasuo uses Recall , Teleport or Hextech Rocketbelt , Steel Tempest will go on cooldown without casting. In Protobelt's case Yasuo will also need to cast a movement command after it, else Steel Tempest will still trigger. Spell shield does not prevent a stack of Gathering Storm from being gained. While at two stacks, a range indicator will be shown for the effective range of the whirlwind. Tips & Tricks Casting Last Breath while buffering Steel Tempest during Sweeping Blade will also trigger the damage after the blink , thus avoiding the Gathering Storm stack reset. Edit Wind Wall Wind Wall COOLDOWN: 25 / 23 / 21 / 19 / 17 CAST TIME: 0. 013 RANGE: 0 - 350 / 450 EFFECT RADIUS: 300 Active: Yasuo raises a wall of wind that travels in the target direction over 0. 25 seconds . It then drifts another 50 units over 3. 75 seconds, blocking all hostile non- turret projectiles that hit it and granting sight of its surroundings. Wall Width: 320 / 390 / 460 / 530 / 600 Link ▶️ "Face the wind!" Hide Details Info Targeting input Direction Counters Projectile See Notes Wind Wall grants sight in a small static area in front of the cast location. Wind Wall starts blocking projectiles on-cast (despite not being fully formed). Wind Wall travels via a missile, and thus stops upon colliding with an enemy Wind Wall . Edit Sweeping Blade Sweeping Blade COOLDOWN : 0. 5 / 0. 4 / 0. 3 / 0. 2 / 0. 1 TARGET IMMUNITY : 10 / 9 / 8 / 7 / 6 TARGET RANGE: 475 RANGE: 475 / 625 SPEED: 750 + 60% movement speed Active: Yasuo dashes a fixed distance in the direction of the target enemy. Upon impact, he deals them magic damage , becomes ghosted for 2 seconds , and generates a stack of Ride the Wind for 5 seconds, which refreshes on subsequent hits and stacks up to 4 times. Magic Damage: 60 / 70 / 80 / 90 / 100 (+ 20% bonus AD) (+ 60% AP) Ride the Wind: Sweeping Blade's damage is increased by 15% − 25% (based on level) per stack, up to 60% − 100% (based on level) at maximum stacks. Sweeping Blade can be cast on the same target only once every few seconds. Yasuo will be knocked down by any immobilizing or polymorphing crowd control, excluding sleep (bug) , during Sweeping Blade. Last Breath can be cast during the dash. If Steel Tempest has been buffered, Wind Wall may also be cast during it. (bug) Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Unit Target out-of-range override Walk in range of the target Insufficient dash range Dash will gain bonus range through terrain. Damage type Type Sub-type Minion Aggro Spell damage Magic Drawn Counters Spell shield Grounded Knockdown Blocked Disabled Interrupted The on-target cooldown will be applied upon starting the dash. Sweeping Blade's dash speed is affected by movement speed . Sweeping Blade will generate 7. 5 Flow stacks per cast that travels the maximum distance. Yasuo can use Sweeping Blade's fixed dash distance to cross walls both before and after hitting his target (provided his proximity to the wall and/or target allows it). After Sweeping Blade , Yasuo becomes ghosted for a moment to prevent situations where he would face extreme cases of body block. Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit On-target cooldown changed to 50% value. Base damage changed to 75 / 90 / 105 / 120 / 135}. Edit Last Breath Last Breath COOLDOWN: 70 / 50 / 30 CAST TIME: none TARGET RANGE: 1400 EFFECT RADIUS: 400 Active: Yasuo blinks to the other side of a visible airborne enemy champion nearest to the cursor , instantly generating maximum Flow while resetting Gathering Storm stacks. Upon arrival, he knocks up all nearby airborne enemy champions for 1 second, revealing them and slashing them with his sword over the duration, dealing physical damage thereafter. Surrounding enemy champions that become airborne during this time will also be affected by Last Breath through the remaining duration. Physical Damage: 200 / 350 / 500 (+ 150% bonus AD) For the next 15 seconds, Yasuo's critical strikes gain 50% bonus -armor penetration . A nearby airborne enemy champion is required to cast this ability. If Yasuo would blink inside the attack range of an enemy turret (excluding the Nexus Obelisk ), Last Breath will instead attempt to position him outside of it. Link ▶️ "Sorye ge ton!" Hide Details Info Targeting input Auto Damage type Type Sub-type Minion Aggro Spell damage Physical Not Drawn Counters Spell shield Grounded See Notes Disabled Last Breath can be casted on targets suspended in mid-air by Nami's Aqua Prison's stun . The wiki has adopted the term suspension for this unique property due to a statement by Yasuo's designer. [2] Last Breath requires the target to be affected by airborne from an enemy source , and simultaneously that the target is not considered cc-immune , displacement immune , or untargetable during it. Last Breath cannot be cast if there are no nearby enemy champions that meet the conditions. Attempting to cast the ability on an enemy champion that is not airborne will indicate that they " Must Be Airborne! " Self-applied or allied-applied displacements do not allow Last Breath to target the champion. Those applied by the neutral team (e.g. Dragon's initial knock back) can be targeted. An indicator will be placed towards enemy champions that meet the cast conditions within range of Last Breath to signify the ability can be cast. The Hextech Ultimatum will prevent Yasuo from casting Last Breath on an airborne enemy champion outside its borders. Yasuo can only do so if the airborne enemy champion is inside the zone. Upon Last Breath's cast, the targets' facing directions snap to Yasuo . Afterwards, their facing directions shift in all other directions every 0. 25 seconds over the duration of the airborne. The last shift snaps them to the facing direction of the second one. On the Nightbringer Yasuo skin, these shifts in facing direction do not occur, but the targets' facing directions will still snap to Yasuo upon Last Breath's cast. Yasuo does not need sight of enemy champions near his target to affect them with the ability. Even if the target is protected by spell shield the ability will still affect them and deal damage, but the spell shield will be consumed. Last Breath applies its damage and removes its forced movement on the target when it ends, including if it is removed early by being cleansed . This is in contrast to most other effects with airborne , which have their forced movement linger if the disabling debuff is removed and have to be overridden by another movement spell (such as Lucian's Relentless Pursuit or Flash ). It behaves similar to Nami's Aqua Prison in this but is not considered suspension . Terrain displacing abilities (e.g. Weaver's Wall , Pillar of Ice , Volcanic Rupture ) that affect enemy champions are considered airborne , and will therefore interact with Last Breath . While blinking , Yasuo creates an untargetable clone of himself that cues a dashing animation (similar to Sweeping Blade's ) towards the target. This unit's rules do not follow those of a clone's . As such, it is more alike a champion, unless special cased. While performing Last Breath , Yasuo is locked out of performing actions. The lock out will end prematurely if Yasuo dies as well as by the following if all targets: Cleanse the knock up . Are too far away from Yasuo . Leave Yasuo's sight (e.g. by nearsight ). Become untargetable . Die . Enter the Realm of Death . The following table refers for interactions while Yasuo is locked out: Attacking Disabled Abilities Disabled Movement Disabled Items Usable N/A Disabled All items are disabled Interrupted by N/A Consumables Disabled Spells Usable Barrier Clarity Cleanse Exhaust Ghost Heal Ignite Smite Disabled Flash Teleport Recall Hexflash Interrupted by N/A Interrupted by N/A Champion skins [ ] This article section only contains champion skins. For all associated collection items, see Yasuo (Collection) . Original View in 3D 880 13.12.2013 An Ionian of deep resolve, Yasuo is an agile swordsman who wields the air itself against his enemies. As a proud young man, he was falsely accused of murdering his master—unable to prove his innocence, he was forced to slay his own brother in self defense. Even after his master’s true killer was revealed, Yasuo still could not forgive himself for all he had done, and now wanders his homeland with only the wind to guide his blade. Liam O'Brien Pan Chengwei Loot eligible High Noon View in 3D 975 13.12.2013 The mysterious and reluctant sheriff of a two-street town, Yasuo is in self-imposed exile after being accused of murder in the eastern territories. Even so, he has driven off entire bandit gangs as well as many of the desert's deadliest threats, saving hundreds of lives along the way. Liam O'Brien Michal Ivan, Puppetworks Animation Studio High Noon Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas High Noon Yasuo Chromas Amethyst Emerald Jasper Obsidian Sapphire PROJECT View in 3D 1350 31.08.2014 Yasuo returned from advanced combat only to be accused of a crime he did not commit. Knowing that PROJECT's corporate leadership was somehow involved, Yasuo fights with the G/NETIC rebels, cutting away the lies of technology with his plasma coated blade. Liam O'Brien Charles 'Yideth' Liu PROJECT Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Blood Moon View in 3D 975 25.02.2016 Ceremonial executioner of the Blood Moon cult, Yasuo's blade is inhabited by an insidious, bloodthirsty demon whose hunger for death can never be satisfied. This suits Yasuo well, for he is possessed of an inner darkness even deeper than the creature whispering at his side. Liam O'Brien Kelly Aleshire Blood Moon Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Nightbringer View in 3D 1820 14.06.2017 Born from festering echoes at the dawn of creation, Yasuo is the hellish embodiment of chaos in the cosmos. Fated to clash against the Dawnbringer for all time, he awaits a day when his darkness will finally cleave away her light. Liam O'Brien Alex 'alexplank' Flores Nightbringer and Dawnbringer Loot eligible New voiceover New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Transforming Chromas Nightbringer Yasuo Chromas Pariah Odyssey View in 3D 1350 12.09.2018 Yasuo never wanted to be a space pirate… until he was framed for his brother's murder, and had to flee his life of relative luxury. Now on the run from a dozen different military and paramilitary factions, he's putting together an eccentric crew to make a new life among the stars. Liam O'Brien Bo 'chenbowow' Chen Odyssey Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Odyssey Yasuo Chromas Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Battle Boss View in 3D 1350 28.06.2019 One-time protagonist of the 1979 cult classic “Hasagi,” Yasuo was infected with Veigar's malignant code after the Battle Boss takeover of Arcadia. He maintains his impossibly complex gameplay patterns and high-damage attacks, but now fights for the forces of evil. Liam O'Brien Choe HeonHwa Arcade: Battle Bosses Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Battle Boss Yasuo Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye K.O. Meteorite Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby True Damage View in 3D 1350 10.11.2019 As enigmatic as he is skilled, Yasuo is the veteran producer all others turn to for inspiration. His beats transcend genre, painting whole universes with wild textures of sound. Notoriously selective about his collaborations, Yasuo sees True Damage as his platform to revolutionize how society experiences music. Liam O'Brien Kelly Aleshire True Damage Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas True Damage Yasuo Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Freestyle Obsidian Pearl Ruby Prestige True Damage View in 3D Special 25.09.2020 After the global success of “GIANTS,” reclusive producer-extraordinaire Yasuo was inundated with requests. From record deals to clothing sponsorships, he turned down one after another, preferring to stay out of the limelight to focus on the simple joys of making beats. However, A Bathing Ape somehow managed to secure his attention. Now, donning golden threads to match his musical brilliance, Yasuo holds the world's ears at attention—with fans and critics alike waiting to hear his next revolutionary track. Liam O'Brien Esben Lash Rasmussen True Damage Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall This skin is a variant of True Damage . Store variants are discounted for multiple purchases. Spirit Blossom View in 3D 1350 22.07.2020 Long ago, two brothers fought a bitter war across Ionia. Yasuo, the younger brother, was a warlord renowned for his roguish demeanor—until he was accused of crimes against the country and took up arms to defend himself. Both were fated to fall in their final duel… a lesson, perhaps, in pride and hubris. Liam O'Brien Jennifer Wuestling Spirit Blossom Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Spirit Blossom Yasuo Chromas Catseye Emerald Night Blossom Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Sea Dog View in 3D 1350 05.05.2022 Empowered by the Buhru during his fight against Viego of Camavor, Yasuo made an unlikely champion for the children of Nagakabouros—his obsession with past events flew in the face of everything they believed in. Yet even the mangiest sea dog has his day, and Yasuo stood against the forces of darkness, emerging triumphant. Liam O'Brien Sean 'Raiko' Tay, West Studio Ruined Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Sea Dog Yasuo Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Truth Dragon View in 3D 1820 21.10.2021 Alone against an army, Yasuo chose to stand and fight. He blocked a narrow pass between two mountains, allowing innocents to escape the bloodshed. Wielding the truth of steel as a dance, he felled countless foes—but even he could not hold out forever. The Dragon of Truth, moved by his swordsmanship, came down from its peak to bless him... Liam O'Brien Pan Chengwei Dragonmancers Loot eligible New voiceover New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall This skin is a variant of Dream Dragon . Store variants are discounted for multiple purchases. Dream Dragon View in 3D 1820 21.10.2021 The song of steel grew silent, and Yasuo was the last living soul on the battlefield—though he imagined he could hear the thankful murmurs of the villagers he'd protected. Wounded and dying, Yasuo produced his flute to play a last haunting elegy. The Dragon of Dreams descended from its mountaintop, moved by Yasuo's song, and offered him its power... Liam O'Brien Pan Chengwei Dragonmancers Loot eligible New voiceover New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall This skin is a variant of Truth Dragon . Store variants are discounted for multiple purchases. Inkshadow View in 3D 1350 03.05.2023 Displaced from his home alongside Master Yi, Yasuo now uses his Inkshadow tattoos to ride the wind between Rabadon City and the outskirts, protecting civilians seeking asylum with help from the mysterious Man of Masks. Though he gave up his freedom in exchange for power, he sees the price as penance for being unable to help those who needed it most. Liam O'Brien West Studio Inkshadow Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Inkshadow Yasuo Chromas Catseye DEFY MSI 2023 Emerald Inked Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Prestige Inkshadow View in 3D Special 03.05.2023 Sporting an elevated take on traditional Ionian menswear coupled with a fearlessly bare set of stunning blackout tattoos, Yasuo's gala look celebrates elegant rebellion, sartorial subversion, and an uprising of unprecedented design. Liam O'Brien Ina Wong, West Studio Inkshadow Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall This skin is a variant of Inkshadow . Store variants are discounted for multiple purchases. Foreseen View in 3D 1350 24.01.2024 Yasuo glimpsed many paths in his dreams. One saw him as an old man, alone, having strayed far from his course. He had given up ambition, family, even love, all to atone for sins he could no longer remember. This vision was not a warning, but a reminder, for Yasuo knew he could always return to his path. He only needed to find it... or let it find him. Liam O'Brien Su Fu, Kudos Productions Otherroads Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Foreseen Yasuo Chromas Amethyst Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Patch history [ ] For the expanded patch notes, see here Trivia [ ] Yasuo - Yone is one of seven pairs of sibling champions (the others being Jinx - Vi , Cassiopeia - Katarina , Kayle - Morgana , Garen - Lux , Nasus - Renekton , and Darius - Draven ). Though not a pair, Anivia , Ornn , and Volibear are also siblings. The flute Yasuo plays in his dance emote is most likely a Shakuhachi ( harmonica for High Noon ; wind controller for PROJECT ). His Classic 'dance' references a performance of this instrument. [3] A side by side comparison can be seen here . Yasuo is the first champion to have an emote that will orient itself the same (dancing emote, facing the bottom-right of the screen), no matter what direction Yasuo was facing. Akali is the second. The melody of his Classic dance complements Yone's when the two use the dance emote simultaneously. A side-by-side comparison can be seen here . Yasuo's design is largely based on the Japanese rōnin (lit. a wanderer), a samurai whose masters had died or stripped of titles & lands. Many rōnin became mercenaries, bodyguards , or even criminals. The length of Yasuo's sword is about that of a tachi or even an ōdachi . However, he wears it cutting edge up like the shorter katana . Yasuo [jasɯ̟ᵝo] is a Japanese masculine given name , rendered as 康夫 (roughly "peaceful man") in the Japanese localization. From Old Japanese *yasu- "cheap, easy > peaceful" [4] & masculine morpheme *wo . [5] Way of the Wanderer's modified critical strike chance references Samurai gameplay portrayals in video games. For April Fools' Day 2017 , a video showcasing a joke rework for Yasuo was posted by the official Riot Games Twitter account. Way of the Wanderer was shown to have Resolve's shield also provide crowd control immunity , similar to Morgana's Black Shield . Steel Tempest's third cast was shown to split into three additional whirlwinds in a cone after hitting a champion, similar to Graves' Collateral Damage . Wind Wall was shown to form a pentagon of walls, similar to Thresh's The Box . Notably, this 'protection from projectiles from all angles' mechanic was later implemented by Samira's Blade Whirl . Sweeping Blade was shown to be able to target wards and champion summoned units (e.g. Demacian Standard ). Last Breath was shown to be able to be recast for a seemingly infinite amount of times while the affected champion is still airborne . A functional real-life replica of Yasuo's Steel Blade was crafted in an episode of YouTube series Man At Arms: Reforged . This video can be viewed here . There are also videos where the following are crafted: Diana's Crescent Moonblade ( functional ) Katarina's Daggers ( functional ) Leona's Zenith Blade ( functional ) Master Yi's 'Highlander' Ring Sword ( functional ) Poppy's Hammer of Orlon ( functional, but impractically wieldy ) Ziggs' Hexplosive Bomb ( prop ) At 25 August 2018, on the statement "One of my favorites", players ranked Yasuo 2nd in CN and 56th in NA. On "Fair to play against" they ranked him 23rd in CN and 137th in NA. Overall on "Gameplay, Visuals, Voice, etc.." they ranked him 1st in CN and 38th in NA. [6] As an easter egg , in Set 4 of Teamfight Tactics , Yasuo would flash a Mastery 7 emote if he single-handedly defeats the enemy team as the only remaining unit. This references the community stereotype of Yasuo players loving to flash their Mastery in League of Legends matches. A video demonstration of this can be seen here . See also [ ] League of Legends Wiki | Champions Cancelled Champions Ao Shin Avasha Averdrian CeeCee Cyborg Cowboy Eagle Rider Gavid Husk Iron Engineer Ivan Omen Priscilla Rob Blackblade Seth Tabu Tiki Urf Well References [ ] ↑ Yasuo's profile page at LeagueOfLegends.com ↑ Yasuo Reddit AMA ↑ Yasuo's Flute (his dance?) ↑ http://npcmj.ninjal.ac.jp/interfaces/cgi-bin/dictionary.sh?search=L007002&part=n&db=oncoj ↑ http://npcmj.ninjal.ac.jp/interfaces/cgi-bin/dictionary.sh?search=L052501&part=n&db=oncoj ↑ Riot Blaustoise Yasuo data tweet