Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Available Original Yasuo View in 3D 880 / 13-Dec-2013 High Noon Yasuo View in 3D 975 / 13-Dec-2013 PROJECT: Yasuo View in 3D 1350 / 31-Aug-2014 Blood Moon Yasuo View in 3D 975 / 25-Feb-2016 Nightbringer Yasuo View in 3D 1820 / 14-Jun-2017 Odyssey Yasuo View in 3D 1350 / 12-Sep-2018 Battle Boss Yasuo View in 3D 1350 / 28-Jun-2019 True Damage Yasuo View in 3D 1350 / 10-Nov-2019 Spirit Blossom Yasuo View in 3D 1350 / 22-Jul-2020 Sea Dog Yasuo View in 3D 1350 / 05-May-2022 Truth Dragon Yasuo View in 3D 1820 / 21-Oct-2021 Dream Dragon Yasuo View in 3D 1820 / 21-Oct-2021 Inkshadow Yasuo View in 3D 1350 / 03-May-2023 Foreseen Yasuo View in 3D 1350 / 24-Jan-2024 Battle Boss Yasuo Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye K.O. Meteorite Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Foreseen Yasuo Chromas Amethyst Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire High Noon Yasuo Chromas Amethyst Emerald Jasper Obsidian Sapphire Inkshadow Yasuo Chromas Catseye DEFY MSI 2023 Emerald Inked Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Nightbringer Yasuo Chromas Pariah Odyssey Yasuo Chromas Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Sea Dog Yasuo Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Spirit Blossom Yasuo Chromas Catseye Emerald Night Blossom Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire True Damage Yasuo Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Freestyle Obsidian Pearl Ruby Rare & Limited Prestige True Damage Yasuo View in 3D Special / 25-Sep-2020 Prestige Inkshadow Yasuo View in 3D Special / 03-May-2023 Screenshots [ ] Classic Yasuo High Noon Yasuo PROJECT: Yasuo Eternals [ ] Series 1 Series 2 Headwinds Champions hit with Steel Tempest (Q3) at greater than 75% of max range Projectiles Faced Projectiles blocked with Wind Wall (W) The Wind Rises Multiple (2+) champion hits with Last Breath (R) Flash Step Maximum damage Sweeping Blade (E) hits on champions Way of the Wind Champions knocked up with Steel Tempest (Q3) while dashing with Sweeping Blade (E) Winds Got My Back Champion damage prevented with Flow (P) Trivia [ ] Original Yasuo He references and resembles Miyamoto Musashi and/or Haoumaru from Samurai Shodown via his iconic ponytail design shared with these individuals, where in Musashi's case, it is in reference to the common visual design he is depicted with in fictional media. Haoumaru himself is based on Miyamoto Musashi as well. Another note in regards to Yasuo is how his Steel Tempest in the Chinese servers is named/dubbed as 斬鋼閃 (Zhǎngāngshǎn, lit. Slashing Steel Flash), which when read in Japanese with the same characters (Zankousen) is exactly the same name as one of Haoumaru's special moves which is the stronger version of his original standing heavy slash, the Zantetsusen (斬鉄閃, lit. Slashing Iron Flash). Yasuo's taunt in most of his skins (save for Nightbringer Yasuo's demon form, as well as Truth and Dream Dragon Yasuo ) involves him intaking fluids from his bamboo flask, then spitting the fluids on his blade to "bless it". This is another nod to Haoumaru via a habit done by him in his home series' battle intros. High Noon Yasuo Chromas: Amethyst,  Emerald,  Jasper,  Obsidian,  Sapphire This skin shares the High Noon theme with: Bandito Fiddlesticks Cowgirl Miss Fortune High Noon Darius High Noon Hecarim High Noon Leona ...and others High Noon Senna High Noon Thresh Longhorn Alistar Sandscourge Skarner Sheriff Caitlyn He references a Spaghetti Western with his harmonica. He wields a pistol sword -styled Japanese blade. High Noon Jhin's Recall reveals he has a bounty of $$10,000,000. PROJECT: Yasuo This skin shares the PROJECT theme with: Prestige PROJECT: Sylas Prestige PROJECT: Zed PROJECT: Akali PROJECT: Ekko PROJECT: Fiora ...and others PROJECT: Leona PROJECT: Renekton PROJECT: Sejuani PROJECT: Sylas PROJECT: Zed He is from an alternate future in which he was cybernetically augmented as part of the PROJECT Initiative. PROJECT: Yi describes him as: "Tempest, a blossom caught in drift, fluid form. He speaks. 'Death is like the wind'... he is a storm, blade howling... 'always by my side'... the eternal wanderer." If one tells PROJECT: Ashe they fight for 'truth' she'll say the following: "We're on the right path." His gear includes: Plasma Forge Drop Blade Leather Gauntlet XX-250 Environmental Barrier Unit MC-2 Firing Piston Unknown He was originally conceived as 'Cyber Ops Yasuo' [1] before being renamed. [2] He references Gray Fox , Samuel Rodrigues or Raiden , all from the Metal Gear series. The last was further referenced in Yasuo's recall animation pose that is similar to Raiden's when he battled Vamp's robots in Metal Gear Solid 4: Guns of the Patriots , where he holsters his blade by the pommel underneath his foot. This skin has unique attack animations, along with only having three animations compared to the other skins' four. When performing his joke, taunt or dance emotes, his helmet reveals his actual face. However, the voice is still filtered. His sword blade turns olive-yellow while Last Breath's bonus armor penetration is active, as opposed to a subtle aura covering his sword. In this skin, he drinks from a fuel-container which may contain a substance suitable for cyborgs. Blood Moon Yasuo This skin shares the Blood Moon theme with: Blood Moon Akali Blood Moon Diana Blood Moon Evelynn Blood Moon Katarina Blood Moon Pyke ...and others Blood Moon Shen Blood Moon Sivir Blood Moon Thresh Blood Moon Tryndamere Blood Moon Zilean He was conceived by 'daemonstar'. The mask he is wearing references the ones used in Japanese Noh theater. The flask he normally drinks from is instead turned into a gourd in this skin. Despite wearing a mask in this skin like with PROJECT: Yasuo , Yasuo does not remove it during his taunt to drink. Nightbringer Yasuo Chromas: Pariah This skin shares the Nightbringer and Dawnbringer theme with: Dawnbringer Karma Dawnbringer Nidalee Dawnbringer Renekton Dawnbringer Vex Dawnbringer Yone ...and others Nightbringer Kayn Nightbringer Nasus Nightbringer Tryndamere Nightbringer Vladimir Prestige Nightbringer Kayn During the development period, the skin was called "Demonblade Yasuo". This development name is shared with Demonblade Tryndamere , which implies that Nightbringer Yasuo may have originally been intended for the "Demonblade" theme. He resembles Nightmare from Soul Calibur . The flask he normally drinks from is instead turned into a potion vial in this skin. His splash art is part of a larger picture in which he is fighting Dawnbringer Riven . Nightbringer Yasuo is the original Being of Chaos. Dawnbringer / Nightbringer Soraka was born from the aftermath of the battle between him and Dawnbringer Riven and considers him as her father. Nightbringer Soraka summons a blade similar to his when using Starcall . He is also an ancestor to God-King Darius . His empowered form appears after using Last Breath . Odyssey Yasuo Chromas: Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite This skin shares the Odyssey theme with: Galaxy Slayer Zed Odyssey Aatrox Odyssey Jinx Odyssey Karma Odyssey Kayn ...and others Odyssey Kha'Zix Odyssey Sivir Odyssey Sona Odyssey Twisted Fate Odyssey Ziggs Odyssey Jinx and Odyssey Malphite are seen fighting a monster in the background. He is accompanied by a pet space lizard that replaces his large pauldron. Battle Boss Yasuo Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Catseye,  K.O.,  Meteorite,  Obsidian,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Arcade: Battle Bosses theme with: Battle Boss Bel'Veth Battle Boss Blitzcrank Battle Boss Brand Battle Boss Malzahar Battle Boss Qiyana Battle Boss Ziggs Final Boss Veigar Final Boss Veigar can be seen in the background of his splash art. True Damage Yasuo Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Freestyle,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Ruby This skin shares the True Damage theme with: Breakout True Damage Ekko Prestige True Damage Qiyana Prestige True Damage Senna Prestige True Damage Yasuo Prestige True Damage Qiyana (2022) True Damage Akali True Damage Ekko True Damage Qiyana True Damage Senna He shares visual elements with DJ Sona due to them both being DJ. His in-game model has the name Yone on the sheath of his blade. He is credited as one of the producers for THE BADDEST . Spirit Blossom Yasuo Chromas: Catseye,  Emerald,  Night Blossom,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire This skin shares the Spirit Blossom theme with: Prestige Spirit Blossom Teemo Spirit Blossom Ahri Spirit Blossom Darius Spirit Blossom Evelynn Spirit Blossom Kindred ...and others Spirit Blossom Sett Spirit Blossom Teemo Spirit Blossom Thresh Spirit Blossom Yone Spirit Blossom Yorick In his splash art, Spirit Blossom Yone can be seen as a reflection in the water. This skin represents the younger brother from Ionian myths. The Path he took in his legends are similar/identical to the path Yasuo chose. He represents the Spirit of Heroism in the Spirit Blossom festival. Prestige True Damage Yasuo This skin shares the True Damage theme with: Breakout True Damage Ekko Prestige True Damage Qiyana Prestige True Damage Senna Prestige True Damage Qiyana (2022) True Damage Akali True Damage Ekko True Damage Qiyana True Damage Senna True Damage Yasuo This skin was made in collaboration with A Bathing Ape . [3] Truth Dragon Yasuo This skin shares the Dragonmancers theme with: Dragonmancer Fiora Dragonmancer Kassadin Duality Dragon Volibear Eternal Dragon Brand Lagoon Dragon Kai'Sa ...and others Obsidian Dragon Sett Prestige Duality Dragon Volibear Prestige Obsidian Dragon Sett Steel Dragon Thresh Tranquility Dragon Karma In his dance, the melody he plays on his flute is an excerpt from "Trail of the Angels," a traditional Chinese musical piece.  (Links provided for comparison.) This is shared with Dream Dragon Yasuo (see below). He is similar in appearance to Hanzo Shimada from the game Overwatch . Dream Dragon Yasuo This skin shares the Dragonmancers theme with: Dragonmancer Fiora Dragonmancer Kassadin Duality Dragon Volibear Eternal Dragon Brand Lagoon Dragon Kai'Sa ...and others Obsidian Dragon Sett Prestige Duality Dragon Volibear Prestige Obsidian Dragon Sett Steel Dragon Thresh Tranquility Dragon Karma In his dance, the melody he plays on his flute is an excerpt from "Trail of the Angels," a traditional Chinese musical piece.  (Links provided for comparison.) Sea Dog Yasuo Chromas: Amethyst,  Aquamarine,  Catseye,  Emerald,  Obsidian,  Pearl,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby This skin shares the Ruined theme with: Gangplank the Betrayer Prestige Ascended Pantheon Ruined Draven Ruined Karma Ruined Miss Fortune Ruined Pantheon Ruined Shyvana Unbound Thresh This skin is based on Yasuo's involvement in the events of Ruined King . Inkshadow Yasuo Chromas: Catseye,  DEFY MSI 2023,  Emerald,  Inked,  Obsidian,  Rose Quartz,  Ruby,  Sapphire,  Tanzanite,  Turquoise This skin shares the Inkshadow theme with: Inkshadow Aurelion Sol Inkshadow Kai'Sa Inkshadow Master Yi Inkshadow Udyr Inkshadow Volibear Inkshadow Yone Prestige Inkshadow Yasuo Prestige Inkshadow Yasuo This skin shares the Inkshadow theme with: Inkshadow Aurelion Sol Inkshadow Kai'Sa Inkshadow Master Yi Inkshadow Udyr Inkshadow Volibear Inkshadow Yasuo Inkshadow Yone References [ ] ↑ 8/13 PBE UPDATE ↑ 8/14 PBE UPDATE ↑ AAPE Prestige True Damage Yasuo