Games Universe • League of Legends • Teamfight Tactics • Legends of Runeterra • Wild Rift Image Yone Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Yone the Unforgotten Release date 2020-08-06 Last changed V13.19 Class(es) Assassin Skirmisher Legacy Assassin Fighter Position(s) Top Middle Resource Manaless ( Soul Unbound ) Range type Melee Adaptive type Physical Store price 3150 | 790 Crafting + 1890 Ratings Damage 3 Toughness 1 Control 2 Mobility 3 Utility 1 Style Difficulty Champion Spotlight Yone Champion Spotlight Yone is a champion in League of Legends . [1] Gameplay • Cosmetics • Audio • Development • Patch History • History • Trivia Base statistics Yone Edit Health 620 +105 Resource N/A Health regen. (per 5s) 7.5 +0.75 Resource regen. N/A Armor 30 +4.6 Attack damage 60 +2 Magic resist. 32 +2.05 Crit. damage 175% ( ×  0.9) Move. speed 345 Attack range 175 Attack speed Base AS 0.625 Attack windup 22% AS ratio N/A Bonus AS +3.5 % Unit radius Gameplay radius 65 Selection radius 75 Pathing radius 32 Acq. radius 400 Special statistics ARAM Nexus Blitz One For All URF Ult Spellbook Arena Damage Dealt +5% Damage Received -3% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt -2% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +10% Damage Received -10% Shielding +20% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Abilities [ ] Edit Way of the Hunter Way of the Hunter Innate - Intent: Yone's total critical strike chance is multiplied by 2. 5 from all other sources, but his critical strikes deal only 「 (57. 5 % + 36% ) AD bonus physical damage . 」 「 90% of the normal critical strike damage . 」 Additionally, 「 every 1% critical strike chance in excess of 100% is converted into 0. 4 bonus AD . 」 「 every 50% critical strike chance in excess of 100% is converted into 20 bonus AD . 」 Innate - Steel and Spirit: Yone's basic attacks alternate between his Steel Sword and Azakana Sword on-attack . Yone begins attacking with Steel Sword , and basic attacks with Azakana Sword deal 50% AD physical damage and 50% AD magic damage . Hide Details Info Targeting input Passive Damage type Type Sub-type Basic damage Physical / Magic Counters Parries Blocked There is no attack time-out between alternating swords. It will persist through death . 50% of Spellblade and Demolish damage will be converted to magic damage if applied by the Azakana Sword . This will also occur if applied by Guinsoo's Rageblade's Phantom Hit after having last attacked with the Azakana Sword . This will also occur if applied by Mortal Steel after having last attacked with the Azakana Sword . (bug) The mixed damage is dealt in two simultaneous instances of damage, but will pretend to be a single instance for most effects (such as Conqueror's stacks). Both instances deal basic damage and thus natively apply life steal . The attack applies on-hit effects only once, right at the start. Even if the target dies from the magic damage , the physical damage will still be applied to it. If the target dies from on-hit damage, the magic damage portion will be skipped and only the physical damage applied. (bug) Yone requires at least 40% critical strike chance in order to reach 100% critical strike chance from Way of the Hunter's multiplier. Way of the Hunter will multiply Yone's critical strike chance after Guinsoo's Rageblade's Wrath is calculated. Edit Mortal Steel Mortal Steel CAST TIME: 0. 35 − 0. 175 (based on bonus attack speed) STATIC COOLDOWN: 4 − 1. 33 (based on bonus attack speed) RANGE: 450 / 450 / 1050 COLLISION RADIUS: 100 WIDTH: 80 / 160 SPEED: 1500 Active: Yone thrusts his Steel Sword in a line in the target direction that deals physical damage to enemies hit and applies on-hit and on-attack effects at 100% effectiveness to the first enemy hit. Mortal Steel's damage can critically strike for 「 (47% + 33. 6 % ) AD bonus physical damage . 」 「 84% of the critical damage champions usually have. 」 Physical Damage: 20 / 40 / 60 / 80 / 100 (+ 105% AD) If this hits at least one enemy, Yone generates a stack of Gathering Storm for 6 seconds, stacking up to 2 times and refreshing on subsequent hits. At 2 stacks, the next Mortal Steel consumes them all to become empowered with a new effect. Gathering Storm Bonus: Yone dashes a fixed distance in the target direction and unleashes a whirlwind in the same direction, both dealing the same damage to enemies hit in their path and knocking them up for 0. 75 seconds, but being unable to affect the same target twice. Mortal Steel's thrust is interrupted if Yone is affected by disarming crowd control during the cast time but its cooldown is reset to 0. 1 seconds. Hide Details Info Targeting input Direction Damage type Type Sub-type See Notes Physical Counters Spell shield Parries Projectile Blocked See Notes See Notes Grounded Knockdown See Notes Interrupted Mortal Steel applies basic damage for the first (closest) enemy hit and area damage for secondary enemies: Mortal Steel will apply on-hit effects to the first target hit, but will not do so to the secondary ones. Mortal Steel will not apply spell effects to the first target hit, but will do so to the secondary ones. Spell vamp will only grant healing from the damage dealt to secondary targets, and healing is reduced to 33% effectiveness, accordingly. Life steal will heal based on the damage dealt to the first target hit. Mortal Steel will not benefit from the bonus attack speed gained by Hail of Blades . (bug) After a successful crit roll against one of the targets, Mortal Steel's thrust is guaranteed to critically strike all further targets aswell. (bug) This is unlike the behaviour of Yasuo's Steel Tempest . The whirlwind and dash roll their critical strike against each target individually. Blinking during Mortal Steel's cast with two stacks of Gathering Storm (after the cast time) will end the dash prematurely but enemies in range of Yone at the new location are affected. The whirlwind's trajectory cannot be changed once it has already been unleashed. Only the whirlwind can be intercepted . Each parry has different interactions with this ability, whether it's the first target of Mortal Steel or the secondary one. In either case Yone still gains a stack of Gathering Storm and his whirlwind knock up cannot be negated by parries: Dodge and Block : first target does not take damage, secondary target does take damage. Blind : both first target and secondary target take damage. Spell shield does not prevent Yone from receiving a stack. Mortal Steel is disabled while grounded or rooted if Yone has two stacks of Gathering Storm . While at two stacks, a range indicator will be shown for the effective range of the whirlwind. The dash can cross terrain. This ability will cast from wherever the caster is at the end of the cast time. Yone will always cast Mortal Steel in his facing direction, and he will turn to face the target direction at the start of the cast time. While at two stacks, Yone will always cast it in the target direction. Edit Spirit Cleave Spirit Cleave CAST TIME: 0. 5 − 0. 19 (based on bonus attack speed) STATIC COOLDOWN: 14 − 6 (based on bonus attack speed) EFFECT RADIUS: 600 ANGLE: 80 ° Active: Yone cleaves his Azakana Sword in a cone in the target direction, dealing equal parts physical and magic damage to enemies hit. The total mixed damage has a minimum threshold of 40 − 410 (based on level) against minions and a maximum threshold of 150 − 320 (based on level) against monsters . Total Mixed Damage: 10 / 20 / 30 / 40 / 50 (+ 11 / 12 / 13 / 14 / 15% of target's maximum health) Physical Damage: 5 / 10 / 15 / 20 / 25 (+ 5. 5 / 6 / 6. 5 / 7 / 7. 5 % of target's maximum health) Magic Damage: 5 / 10 / 15 / 20 / 25 (+ 5. 5 / 6 / 6. 5 / 7 / 7. 5 % of target's maximum health) If this hits an enemy, Yone grants himself a shield for 40 − 90 (based on level) (+ 65% bonus AD) for 1. 5 seconds, increased by 100% if it hits a champion and by 50% for each subsequent champion hit. Hide Details Info Targeting input Direction Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Physical / Magic Counters Spell shield Projectile Blocked Not Blocked Despite Spirit Cleave generally hitting targets' edge range , it cannot hit targets whose center is behind him. This behaviour is common with missiles , however some cone spells such as this one also do it. Spirit Cleave will not benefit from the bonus attack speed gained by Hail of Blades . (bug) Spell shield does not prevent Yone from receiving and/or increasing the shield . The shield's amount will also increase for each clone hit. This ability will cast from wherever the caster is at the end of the cast time. Yone will always cast Spirit Cleave in his facing direction, and he will turn to face the target direction at the start of the cast time. The mixed damage is applied in two instances, and the physical damage will be dealt first within the same game tick. If the physical damage finishes off the unit, the magic damage will not be dealt against it. (bug) Edit Soul Unbound Soul Unbound COOLDOWN : 22 / 19 / 16 / 13 / 10 CAST TIME: None RANGE: 300 EFFECT RADIUS: Global SPEED: 1200 Active: Yone dashes a fixed distance in the target direction, discarding his body and entering Spirit Form for 5 seconds. Yone's body is untargetable and is sent the same distance behind the cast location, though not through terrain, and is reclaimed when Soul Unbound ends. Spirit Form: Yone becomes ghosted and gains 10% − 30% (based on time active) bonus movement speed . Enemy champions damaged by his basic attacks or abilities are marked . Each mark stores a portion of the post-mitigation damage that Yone deals to the target with his basic attacks and abilities. Damage Stored: 25 / 27. 5 / 30 / 32. 5 / 35% of damage dealt Activation resets Way of the Hunter's current sword state. Soul Unbound can be recast after 0. 5 seconds, and automatically does so after the duration. Recast: Yone remains in cast time for 0. 25 seconds then dashes back to his body with displacement immunity , ending Spirit Form and detonating the marks on each champion to deal true damage equal to the amount stored against each of them. After the cast time, he will cleanse himself from all immobilizing effects and polymorphs * that were applied to him during it as well as all blinds , cripples and drowsy effects. The automatic recast is delayed if Yone is winding up a basic attack or is unable to recast Soul Unbound under any circumstances, which includes if he cannot move or cast abilities. Soul Unbound will also immediately recast upon death or entering resurrection . Link ▶️ "Spirit unmoored!" Hide Details Info Targeting input Direction / Auto Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage True Counters Spell shield Grounded Knockdown Not Blocked Disabled See Notes The marks store physical damage , magic damage , and true damage . Soul Unbound stays on cooldown for the first 15 seconds of the game. Recall and Teleport are disabled during Soul Unbound . Only Yone's initial dash can be interrupted . Yone's orange resource bar during Soul Unbound is indicative of the amount of time Yone has to recast the ability before it is automatically recast. The amount starts at 500 and rapidly decays down to 0. It counts down from the start of the cast, not after the 0. 5 -second delay. With 0. 5 seconds remaining before the recast occurs automatically, a distinct sound will cue and the corners of the screen will briefly turn a faint dark. This is only visible and audible to Yone . Yone's body unit cannot be interacted with by any means. It will despawn as soon as Yone's dash back ends. Soul Unbound's recast, even when cast automatically, counts as an ability activation for the purposes of on-cast effects such as Spellblade and triggering Force Pulse's passive. Yone is also displacement immune during the cast time. Soul Unbound's recast does not interrupt Yone's last movement or attack order. Yone will place himself onto the ground and interrupts displacements affecting him upon recasting. Soul Unbound's recast is notable for being an ability that removes crowd control but cannot be activated while unable to cast abilities or mobility spells due to the same crowd control. Soul Unbound does not cleanse the following crowd control effects (ones not listed below are removed): Disarm Only the silence portion from polymorph will be removed. Ground Nearsight Silence Slow Wither will not be removed. Some examples of effects that can delay Soul Unbound's automatic recast: Attack windup Cast time Channels (excluding Hexflash ) Lockouts Dashes Immobilizes , Silence , Ground , and Stasis Devour Fate's Call Yone instantly appears at his body's location the moment this effect ends. Realm Warp Soul Unbound's recast is disabled (cannot be manually nor automatically cast) while Yone is in the Realm of Death or The Hextech Ultimatum . The recast will be deferred until those effects end. The Hextech Ultimatum will specifically end if Yone recasts Soul Unbound . If Yone uses Mortal Steel at two Gathering Storm stacks to delay Soul Unbound's automatic recast, he will be able to basic attack once in a short time period before the automatic recast triggers. If Yone dies or enters resurrection with Spirit Form , he will immediately initiate the recast and dash back to his body while dead or resurrecting. If he dies during the recast, the dash back is not interrupted. His death animation will play upon arriving to his body. The marks do not store damage from items , runes and summoner spells . The mark also automatically detonates without Yone having to recast when the marked champion dies or enters resurrection . The detonation damage cannot be dodged by becoming untargetable . The marks will not store damage dealt to shields . If the mark's damage is higher than the target's current health, the mark indicator will have a slightly different appearance. This does not take into account effects that would amplify the damage of the mark, such as Coup de Grace . The following table refers for interactions while Yone is in cast time and dashing back to his body: Attacking Disabled Abilities Disabled Movement Disabled Items Usable N/A Disabled All items are disabled Interrupted by N/A Consumables Disabled Spells Usable N/A Disabled Barrier Clarity Cleanse Exhaust Ghost Heal Ignite Smite Flash Teleport Recall Hexflash Mark Dash Interrupted by N/A Interrupted by N/A Edit Fate Sealed Fate Sealed COOLDOWN: 120 / 90 / 60 CAST TIME: 0. 75 RANGE: 1000 WIDTH: 225 Active: Yone prepares a strike over the cast time, then marks all enemies within an area in the target direction, knocking them down and stunning them for 1 second. He blinks 200 units beyond the center of the last enemy champion struck, or else to maximum range instead. After 0. 3 seconds, a gust rushes along the same area that deals equal parts physical and magic damage to marked enemies within and pulls them towards the location Yone blinked to, then knocks them up for 0. 75 seconds. Total Mixed Damage: 200 / 400 / 600 (+ 80% bonus AD) Physical Damage: 100 / 200 / 300 (+ 40% bonus AD) Magic Damage: 100 / 200 / 300 (+ 40% bonus AD) The stun ends prematurely upon the knock up. Link ▶️ "My blades know your name!" Hide Details Info Targeting input Direction Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Physical / Magic Counters Spell shield Projectile Grounded See Notes Not Blocked Disabled Marked enemies that are not within the area will not be affected by the second portion of the ability. If Fate Sealed's maximum range is inside terrain, enemies will not be pulled through walls. Fate Sealed pulls targets to the location Yone would blink to, and not towards his current position by the end of the cast time. Fate Sealed can hit targets whose center is behind Yone , if their radius overlaps with the rectangle hitbox in front of him. Enemies are pulled with 3000 speed. This ability will cast from wherever the caster is at the end of the cast time. Fate Sealed will not stun enemies that are displacement immune . Yone can blink up to 1200 units + enemy size , if the last enemy champion's radius intersects with the maximum range slightly. The mixed damage is applied in two instances, and the magic damage will be dealt first within the same game tick. If the magic damage finishes off the unit, the physical damage will not be dealt against it. (bug) Yone will reveal himself during the cast time if there is an enemy champion nearby. When striking against spell shield , Yone will still blink to the last champion hit even if they block the effects to themselves. The knock up starts once the pull ends. Yone is locked out of performing actions for 0. 45 seconds after the cast time. All abilities that have been buffered during this time will cast shortly before the lock out ends. The following table refers for interactions while Yone is in cast time: Attacking Disabled Abilities Disabled Movement Disabled Items Usable N/A Disabled All items are disabled Interrupted by N/A Consumables Disabled Spells Usable Barrier Clarity Cleanse Exhaust Ghost Heal Ignite Smite Disabled Flash Teleport Recall Hexflash Interrupted by N/A Interrupted by Death, unless protected by Resurrection Champion skins [ ] This article section only contains champion skins. For all associated collection items, see Yone (Collection) . Original View in 3D 975 06.08.2020 In life, he was Yone—half-brother of Yasuo, and renowned student of his village's sword school. But upon his death at the hands of his brother, he found himself hunted by a malevolent entity of the spirit realm, and was forced to slay it with its own sword. Now, cursed to wear its demonic mask upon his face, Yone tirelessly hunts all such creatures in order to understand what he has become. Noshir Dalal Esben Lash Rasmussen Loot eligible Spirit Blossom View in 3D 1350 06.08.2020 Long ago, two brothers fought a bitter war across Ionia. Yone, the older brother, was a warlord renowned for his adherence to honor and duty. He fought to defend the country against those who would break its rites and rituals - until he was forced to confront his own brother for his crimes. Both were fated to fall in their final duel… a lesson, perhaps, in pride and hubris. Noshir Dalal Bo 'chenbowow' Chen Spirit Blossom Loot eligible Additional/unique quotes New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Spirit Blossom Yone Chromas Aquamarine Catseye Emerald Night Blossom Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Tanzanite Battle Academia View in 3D 1350 18.03.2021 Yone is a brooding, quiet member of the Assassin Club, one whose morose and serious attitude belies the colossal chip on his shoulder. The bad blood between him and his brother is well known, and even speaking about it casually has been known to invoke Yone's fury—something Caitlyn has picked up on for her own purposes. Noshir Dalal West Studio Battle Academia Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Battle Academia Yone Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Ruby Sapphire Dawnbringer View in 3D 1820 23.09.2021 Prophecy dictates that the gods will destroy each other, ushering in the end of creation itself— but Yone is determined to defy fate. A half-mortal, half-god born of the clash between chaos and order, Yone wields the power of both night and dawn. He must rally his brethren, bring peace to the gods… or they will all perish. Noshir Dalal West Studio Nightbringer and Dawnbringer Loot eligible New voiceover New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Dawnbringer Yone Chromas Emerald Lifebringer Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Ocean Song View in 3D 1350 09.06.2022 Yone is nervous. As a DJ he's calm, focused, and improvisational, but Ocean Song is his first concert as a DJ and lyricist. After finding his secret stash of lyrics, his friend Nidalee volunteered to belt them out herself when he refused. He may not be ready to sing, but they'll still hear his voice. Noshir Dalal Jeremy 'Jermu' Anninos Ocean Song Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Ocean Song Yone Chromas Catseye Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Inkshadow View in 3D 1350 03.05.2023 Two brothers lost their home and became Inkshadow Warriors. One gave up his freedom, and the other his identity. Yone paid a steep price for his tattoo: no one remembers that he existed. Now known only as a faceless stranger called the “Man of Masks,” he shields refugees from the Cabal until they can be delivered into Yasuo's protection. Noshir Dalal Rudy Siswanto Inkshadow Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Inkshadow Yone Chromas Citrine Emerald Inked Obsidian Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise HEARTSTEEL View in 3D 1350 08.11.2023 Once a legendary DJ/producer, Yone grew disillusioned with the music industry and mysteriously dropped off the grid, leaving fans and critics alike wanting more. Meeting the other members of HEARTSTEEL pulled him out of his creative funk, and with his passion for music now reignited, Yone is determined to take this band straight to the top. Noshir Dalal Bo 'chenbowow' Chen, Julia Yurtsev, Jennifer Wuestling HEARTSTEEL Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas HEARTSTEEL Yone Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rockstar Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Prestige HEARTSTEEL View in 3D Special 08.11.2023 As an enigmatic music producer, Yone may say he doesn't enjoy the limelight, but he couldn't help but dress to impress for the band's chart-topping debut in a smart, sleek fit worthy of his sharp swordsmanship and even sharper style. It'd be a shame to hide behind a computer when you look this cool. Noshir Dalal Pandart Studio HEARTSTEEL Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall This skin is a variant of HEARTSTEEL . Store variants are discounted for multiple purchases. Patch history [ ] For the expanded patch notes, see here Trivia [ ] Yone is one of 20 champions without a single ability power ratio on any ability: Aatrox , Camille , Darius , Dr. Mundo , Draven , Garen , Kayn , Kled , Naafiri , Nilah , Olaf , Pyke , Riven , Samira , Sett , Talon , Urgot , Xayah , and Zed . Yone - Yasuo is one of seven pairs of sibling champions (the others being Cassiopeia - Katarina , Kayle - Morgana , Garen - Lux , Nasus - Renekton , Darius - Draven , and Vi - Jinx ). Though not a pair, Anivia , Ornn , and Volibear are also siblings. Yone is the first non-champion in Legends of Runeterra to become a champion in League of Legends . Yone was first confirmed to be the next champion with Spirit Blossom Thresh's voice lines. The melody of his Classic dance complements Yasuo's when the two use the dance emote simultaneously. A side-by-side comparison can be seen here . The instrument Yone plays is a Morin Khuur . [2] On VPBE during the V11.24 cycle [3] , a new feature was added where whenever Yone scored a pentakill, a dramatic scene of him performing his Toggle emote was played for 7 seconds. [4] This was later removed due to controversy. [5] During this time, Yone would become unable to act and negate all incoming damage and debuffs. [6] After the scene ended, his abilities' cooldowns would reset after 1 second. [7] See also [ ] League of Legends Wiki | Champions Cancelled Champions Ao Shin Avasha Averdrian CeeCee Cyborg Cowboy Eagle Rider Gavid Husk Iron Engineer Ivan Omen Priscilla Rob Blackblade Seth Tabu Tiki Urf Well References [ ] ↑ Yone's profile page at LeagueOfLegends.com ↑ Yone Instrument ↑ [1] Vandiril showcasing Yone Pentakill scene] ↑ EndlessPillows on Yone's Pentakill scene ↑ EndlessPillows on the removal of Yone's Pentakill scene ↑ Yone Pentakill scene lockout and immunity ↑ Yone Pentakill scene cooldown refresh