Games Universe • League of Legends • Teamfight Tactics Image Yorick Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Yorick Shepherd of Souls Release date 2011-06-22 Last changed V14.3 Class(es) Juggernaut Legacy Fighter Tank Position(s) Top Resource Mana Range type Melee Adaptive type Physical Store price 3150 | 790 Crafting + 1890 Ratings Damage 2 Toughness 2 Control 2 Mobility 1 Utility 2 Style Difficulty Champion Spotlight Yorick Champion Spotlight Yorick is a champion in League of Legends . [1] Gameplay • Cosmetics • Audio • Development • Patch History • History • Trivia Base statistics Yorick Edit Health 650 +114 Mana 300 +60 Health regen. (per 5s) 8 +0.8 Mana regen. (per 5s) 7.5 +0.75 Armor 39 +5.2 Attack damage 62 +5 Magic resist. 32 +2.05 Crit. damage 175% Move. speed 340 Attack range 175 Attack speed Base AS 0.625 Attack windup 20.625% AS ratio N/A Bonus AS +2 % Unit radius Gameplay radius 80 Selection radius 125 Pathing radius 50 Acq. radius 400 Special statistics ARAM Nexus Blitz One For All URF Ult Spellbook Arena Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt -10% Damage Received +5% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Abilities [ ] Edit Shepherd of Souls Shepherd of Souls EFFECT RADIUS: 1000 / 2500 Innate - Final Service: Yorick raises a grave for every enemy he kills with Last Rites , as well as for every enemy champion and large monster that dies near him. Additionally, Yorick raises a grave for every 12th / 6th / 2nd (based on level) enemy that dies otherwise near him. Up to 4 graves can exist at once, with the furthest ones being replaced by the newest. Yorick can use Awakening and Mourning Mist's mark to raise a Mist Walker from each grave . Innate - The Cursed Horde: Up to 4 Mist Walkers can be active at once, with the closest ones being replaced by the newest. See Pets for more details about Mist Walkers . Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Passive No additional notes. Map-Specific Differences Howling Abyss differences edit Deaths required for a grave changed to 5 at all levels. Arena differences edit New Effect: Now spawns a grave at a random location within 600 units every 8 seconds. Ghoul attack damage AD ratio changed to 20% AD . Ghoul health changed to 70% value. Edit Last Rites Last Rites COST: 20 Mana COOLDOWN : 7 / 6. 25 / 5. 5 / 4. 75 / 4 CAST TIME: none Active: Yorick empowers his next basic attack within 5 seconds to have an uncancellable windup , gain 50 bonus range , deal bonus physical damage , and heal him. The heal is reduced by 50% against non-champions. Bonus Physical Damage: 30 / 55 / 80 / 105 / 130 (+ 40% AD) Heal: 10 − 68 (based on level) (+ 4 / 5 / 6 / 7 / 8% of his missing health) Non-Champion Heal: 5 − 34 (based on level) (+ 2 / 2. 5 / 3 / 3. 5 / 4% of his missing health) While there are at least 3 graves nearby and Last Rites is active or on cooldown , Yorick can cast Awakening . Last Rites resets Yorick's basic attack timer. Edit Awakening Awakening CAST TIME: none RANGE: 1000 Active: Yorick exhumes a Mist Walker under his command from each nearby grave . Hide Last Rites Details Awakening Details Targeting input Auto Damage type Type Sub-type Spell damage Physical Counters Spell shield Parries Not Blocked Blocked Notes No additional notes. Targeting input Auto Notes Awakening counts as an ability activation for the purposes of on-cast effects such as Spellblade and triggering Force Pulse's passive. Mist Walkers update their statistics correspondingly to Yorick's during the periodic stat update, with the exception of their maximum health . Awakening cannot be cast without enough graves in range . Edit Dark Procession Dark Procession COST: 70 Mana COOLDOWN: 20 / 18 / 16 / 14 / 12 CAST TIME: none TARGET RANGE: 600 EFFECT RADIUS: 225 / 200 Impassable perimeter: 125 to 325 Active: Yorick summons a ring of spirits around the target location that arises after a 0. 75 -second delay, knocking aside enemies hit over 0. 25 seconds, though not through terrain. Within 210-units , they are pulled inside; otherwise they are pushed away. The ring remains for 4 seconds as impassible terrain against enemies, granting sight inside the ring. Dark Procession can only be targeted by enemy champion basic attacks and turrets . The wall takes 1 damage per attack from champions and is destroyed instantly from turret attacks. Wall Health: 2 / 2 / 3 / 3 / 4 Hide Details Info Targeting input Location Counters Spell shield Not Blocked Dark Procession has a turret prioritization value of 6, equal to that of super minions . Yorick's other pets each have a lower prioritization value, allowing him to delay the turret from targeting the The Maiden or a Mist Walker for one attack. Dark Procession deals 0 proc true damage to enemies it knocks aside, which triggers in-combat effects such as drawing turret and monster aggression , Sudden Impact or applying Elixir of Sorcery . The perimeter is made up of 18 units with 100 pathing radius and 20 gameplay radius each. Repeatedly while the cage persists, all enemy champions inside it become marked for Yorick to gain an assist on them should they perish within the standard 10 seconds assist time. Edit Mourning Mist Mourning Mist COST: 50 / 55 / 60 / 65 / 70 Mana COOLDOWN: 12 / 11 / 10 / 9 / 8 CAST TIME: 0. 25 TARGET RANGE: 700 EFFECT RADIUS: 1500 Active: Yorick hurls a globule of Black Mist that splashes across an area at the target location, dealing magic damage to enemies hit equal to 15% of the target's current health , down to a minimum threshold. Minimum Magic Damage: 70 / 105 / 140 / 175 / 210 (+ 70% AP) Enemy champions and monsters hit are slowed by 30% for 2 seconds, and marked as Cursed for 4 seconds. Cursed champions are also revealed . Cursed: The target takes 30% bonus damage from 8 attacks by Mist Walkers and continually raises a Mist Walker from each nearby grave , up to a maximum of 4. Yorick , Mist Walkers and the The Maiden gain 20% bonus movement speed while facing nearby Cursed enemies. Mist Walkers will leap to nearby Cursed enemy champions and large monsters, dealing 100% of their AD upon arrival. Mourning Mist will cast at max range if cast beyond that. Hide Details Info Targeting input Location Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Magic Counters Spell shield Projectile Blocked Blocked Yorick will snap his facing direction towards the target location at the start of the cast time. The speed boost toward marked targetes does not require sight of them. The Mist Walkers do not leap if they are immobilized or grounded , or if the marked target is untargetable . Edit Eulogy of the Isles Eulogy of the Isles COST: 100 Mana COOLDOWN : 160 / 130 / 100 CAST TIME: 0. 5 TARGET RANGE: 600 Active: Yorick summons the Maiden of the Mist surrounded by a number of Mist Walkers at the target location, which remain on the battlefield until she or Yorick dies. Eulogy of the Isles can be recast once while the Maiden is alive after 10 seconds of the activation. Mist Walkers: 2 / 3 / 4 Recast: Yorick sets the Maiden free, allowing her to push the nearest lane until she dies. See Pets for more details about The Maiden of the Mist . Eulogy of the Isles will cast at max range if cast beyond that. Link ▶️ "Behold the horrors of the Isles!" Link ▶️ Maiden of the Mist: "The mist takes all!" Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Location See the Pets section below for more details about The Maiden of the Mist and Mist Walkers . The extra Mist Walkers spawn 250 units from the Maiden summon location. The Maiden updates her stats when Yorick's stats change, and as Eulogy of the Isles is ranked up. When Yorick dies, The Maiden rapidly loses portions of her maximum health over 3 seconds until she dies. The loss of maximum health occurs in 0. 6 -second intervals, in which she loses 20% on the first, 25% on the second, 33. 3 % on the third, 50% on the fourth, and 100% on the fifth. Yorick will snap his facing direction towards the target location at the start of the cast time. Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit Maiden health changed to 70% value. Pets [ ] Mist Walker Maiden of the Mist Mist Walker Bounty Gold Exp CS 2 0 0 Statistics Health 110 − 212 (based on level) (+ 20% of Yorick's maximum health) Attack damage 2 − 88 (based on level) (+ 25% AD) Attack speed 0. 5 − 1. 18 (based on level) Range 125 Armor 0 Magic res. 0 Mov. speed 325 (Higher when within 1600 range of Yorick ) Control type Autonomous Target type Minion , does not count towards the minion kill tracking score On-hit effects Mist Walkers' attacks are mitigated by dodge , block , and blind . Spell effects Mist Walkers' basic attacks apply spell effects as area damage . Protection Mist Walkers take 50% damage from area of effect abilities and monsters. Single targeted spells and attacks including a turret shot, will instantly kill Mist Walkers . Abilities Endless March Mist Walkers remain near Yorick (preferably 200 units behind him) until they enter combat in a lane, whereupon they proceed along the lane and attack any enemy in their path. Ravenous While in a 1400-radius of Mourning Mist's mark, Mist Walkers benefit from the ability's bonus movement speed , and have the ability to dash to marked enemy champions and large monsters , dealing 100% of their AD upon arrival. Mist Walkers deal 30% bonus damage for 8 attacks against marked enemies. While in range, this is indicated by an exclamation mark over its head. While Mist Walkers are within a 1600-radius of Yorick , they gain 60 movement speed and benefit from Yorick's flat movement speed bonuses. Phase Rush is a percentual exception.
Summons gain bonus movement speed when returning to Yorick . This movement speed bonus is based on the distance between Yorick and the summon. Unholy Covenant Unlike other pets , Mist Walkers are not prioritized by turrets over siege minions , though they are prioritized over the Maiden of the Mist . Maiden of the Mist Bounty Gold Exp CS 50 0 Statistics Health 400 − 1650 (based on level) (+ 60% of Yorick's maximum health) Magic damage 0 / 10 / 40 (+ 50% AD) Attack speed 1. 0 Range 600 Armor 10 − 50 (based on level) Magic res. 10 − 50 (based on level) Mov. speed 300 (Higher when near Yorick ) Control type Autonomous Target type Minion On-hit effects The Maiden of the Mist's attacks are not mitigated by block , dodge , and blind . Spell effects The Maiden of the Mist's basic attacks apply spell effects as area damage . Protection The Maiden of the Mist takes 50% damage from area of effect abilities. Abilities Natural Recovery The Maiden of the Mist regenerates 2. 5 health per second. Endless March The Maiden of the Mist is permanently ghosted and follows Yorick (preferably idle within 100 units of the location 500 units behind him), leashing back to him if he moves 1200 units away from her. Touch of the Maiden The Maiden of the Mist's attacks mark her target (except structures ) for X seconds, refreshing the duration with every attack. Yorick's next basic attack, Last Rites or Mourning Mist hit against a unit with the mark will consume it to deal 2 / 2. 5 / 3% of target's maximum health bonus magic damage , capped at 100 against monsters . Undead Army While there are fewer than 4 Mist Walkers under the Maiden of the Mist's command, she raises another Mist Walker each time a nearby enemy dies. Ravenous While nearby Mourning Mist's mark, the Maiden of the Mist benefits from the ability's bonus movement speed , and actively seeks to assist Yorick if he is nearby and in combat with an enemy champion. While the Maiden of the Mist is within a 2000-radius of Yorick , she gains 60 movement speed and benefits from Yorick's flat movement speed bonuses. Unholy Covenant Unlike other pets, the Maiden of the Mist is not prioritized by turrets over any type of minion . Champion skins [ ] This article section only contains champion skins. For all associated collection items, see Yorick (Collection) . Original View in 3D 880 22.06.2011 The last survivor of a long-forgotten religious order, Yorick is both blessed and cursed with power over the dead. Trapped on the Shadow Isles, his only companions are the rotting corpses and shrieking spirits that he gathers to him. Yorick’s monstrous actions belie his noble purpose: to free his home from the curse of the Ruination. Daniel Riordan Victor '3rdColossus' Maury Loot eligible Undertaker View in 3D 520 21.06.2011 The Undertaker is a wretched creature, cursed to shoulder every secret his city has buried. These old, unhappy things tear constantly at his mind, which is itself infected by his queen's unending ambition. Daniel Riordan Mike Azevedo Omen of the Dark Loot eligible New SFX/VFX Pentakill View in 3D 975 21.06.2011 Yorick was resurrected with the undying soul of heavy metal inside him for the singular purpose of joining PENTAKILL and melting faces with his bass guitar. He can also summon an army of roadie ghouls, a handy trick for any seasoned stage performer. Daniel Riordan Pan Chengwei Pentakill Loot eligible New SFX/VFX Arclight View in 3D 1350 02.10.2017 The once-great king Yorick, given the gifts of power and immortality in an age long past, left his mighty kingdom to enforce the will of the divine. Hundreds of years later he returned, his lands naught but dust and ruins, and in his sorrow was consumed by madness. Daniel Riordan Alex 'alexplank' Flores Arclight Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Meowrick View in 3D 1350 27.03.2019 A cat fancier hailing from the Forsaken Aisles of a Pets Supreme Superstore, Yorick does not have any unresolved issues involving or related to cats. Yorick is a perfectly normal gentleman dressed as a cat, surrounded by cats, who can call upon the esoteric powers of a giant, floating cat. You know, normal gentleman stuff. Daniel Riordan Choe HeonHwa Cats Versus Dogs Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Meowrick Chromas Catseye Obsidian Pearl Rainbow Ruby Sandstone Turquoise Resistance View in 3D 1350 12.11.2020 With the rise of the Battlecast armies, Yorick found to his horror that the living minds Viktor fused to his machines bound the souls of his victims to their machine bodies. Harnessing his ability to command the dead, Yorick now raises destroyed and defeated Battlecast husks in an attempt to free all these souls from their machine prisons. Daniel Riordan Zuoan Dong, Kudos Productions Battlecast Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Resistance Yorick Chromas Catseye Emerald Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Pentakill Lost Chapter View in 3D 1350 09.09.2021 All hail, Yorick, the Four-String Fanatic! He bestrides the realms of the living and the dead, and knows the fate that comes to all mortal things. It pays to beware the honorable man... Daniel Riordan Terence 'Terrylefruit' Cantal, West Studio Pentakill III: The Lost Chapter Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Pentakill III: Lost Chapter Yorick Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Spirit Blossom View in 3D 1350 06.10.2022 The grove he called home burnt to ashes before his very eyes. While another retreated into solitude, Yorick allowed the rage to consume him. The flowers and trees that bloom in the Spirit of Ruin's wake are haunting, the gardeners that tend to them howling creatures of the night. Daniel Riordan Jeremy Chong, West Studio Spirit Blossom Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Spirit Blossom Yorick Chromas Citrine Emerald Night Blossom Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Patch history [ ] For the expanded patch notes, see here Trivia [ ] Yorick is  named after the deceased court jester from Hamlet by William Shakespeare . His surname Mori references the Latin phrase memento mori "be mindful of dying", befitting his association with death and lost souls. Yorick, the Gravedigger Due to David 'Phreak' Turley being delayed on a flight back from DreamHack (Sweden) Yorick became the first champion to be released before his ' Champion Spotlight '. Yorick's ability names are references to the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse . Yorick, Shepherd of Souls His current weapon is based on the Chinese monk's spade . One of his scrapped narrative direction was that he was actually the Ruined King but he had something similar to amnesia and wasn't even aware of it. At the very beginning of his release, one of his quotes in brazilian portuguese for casting Eulogy of the Isles was "Gostou da minha amiga? O nome dela é Isolde (Do you like my friend? Her name is Isolde) ". It was removed shortly after. See also [ ] League of Legends Wiki | Champions Cancelled Champions Ao Shin Avasha Averdrian CeeCee Cyborg Cowboy Eagle Rider Gavid Husk Iron Engineer Ivan Omen Priscilla Rob Blackblade Seth Tabu Tiki Urf Well References [ ] ↑ Yorick's profile page at LeagueOfLegends.com