Games Universe • League of Legends • Teamfight Tactics • Legends of Runeterra • Wild Rift Image Zed Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Zed the Master of Shadows Release date 2012-11-13 Last changed V13.20 Class(es) Assassin Legacy Assassin Position(s) Middle Jungle Resource Energy Range type Melee Adaptive type Physical Store price 1350 | 585 Crafting + 810 Ratings Damage 3 Toughness 1 Control 1 Mobility 3 Utility 1 Style Difficulty Champion Spotlight Zed Champion Spotlight Zed is a champion in League of Legends . [1] Gameplay • Cosmetics • Audio • Development • Patch History • History • Trivia Base statistics Zed Edit Health 654 +99 Energy 200 +0 Health regen. (per 5s) 7 +0.65 Energy regen. (per 5s) 50 Armor 32 +4.7 Attack damage 63 +3.4 Magic resist. 29 +2.05 Crit. damage 175% Move. speed 345 Attack range 125 Attack speed Base AS 0.651 Attack windup 19.759% AS ratio N/A Bonus AS +3.3 % Unit radius Gameplay radius 65 Selection radius 100 Pathing radius 35 Acq. radius 400 Special statistics ARAM Nexus Blitz One For All URF Ult Spellbook Arena Damage Dealt +5% Damage Received -5% Energy Regen +20% Tenacity & Slow Resist +20% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt -15% Damage Received +10% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Abilities [ ] Edit Contempt for the Weak Contempt for the Weak TARGET IMMUNITY : 10 Innate: Zed's basic attacks against targets below 50% maximum health are empowered to deal 6 / 8 / 10% (based on level) of the target's maximum health as bonus magic damage . Against monsters , Contempt for the Weak deals 200% damage, capped at 300. Contempt for the Weak cannot occur on the same champion more than once every few seconds. Hide Details Info Targeting input Passive Damage type Type Sub-type Proc damage Magic Counters Spell shield Parries Not Blocked See Notes The enhanced attack applies other on-hit effects and can critically strike as normal (the bonus damage cannot). Contempt for the Weak is not consumed when dodged or missed , but it is consumed when blocked . Contempt for the Weak considers the target's health upon landing the attack, not when it's declared. If the target falls below the threshold while Zed is winding up the attack, Contempt for the Weak applies, and vice versa. The empowered attack will not trigger against structures . Edit Razor Shuriken Razor Shuriken COST: 75 / 70 / 65 / 60 / 55 energy COOLDOWN: 6 CAST TIME: 0. 25 TARGET RANGE: 925 WIDTH: 100 SPEED: 1700 Active: Zed throws a shuriken in the target direction that deals physical damage to enemies hit, reduced to 60% against targets beyond the first. Physical Damage: 70 / 105 / 140 / 175 / 210 (+ 110% bonus AD) Reduced Damage: 42 / 63 / 84 / 105 / 126 (+ 66% bonus AD) Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Direction Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Physical Counters Spell shield Projectile Blocked Blocked Shurikens blocked by spell shield still count as being hit for the reduced pass-through damage. If Zed buffers an attack command during Razor Shuriken's cast time the attack will perform slower than if Zed had attacked after the cast time. The same does not happen if Zed recasts Living Shadow during Razor Shuriken's cast time. This ability will cast from wherever the caster is at the end of the cast time. Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit Base damage changed to 80 / 130 / 180 / 230 / 280. Bonus AD ratio changed to 130% bonus AD . Edit Living Shadow Living Shadow COST: 40 / 35 / 30 / 25 / 20 energy COOLDOWN : 20 / 19 / 18 / 17 / 16 CAST TIME: none TARGET RANGE: 650 EFFECT RADIUS: 2000 / Global SPEED: 2500 Passive: Zed restores energy whenever he and his Shadows or multiple Shadows hit an ability on the same target. This may only occur once per cast ability. Energy Restored: 30 / 35 / 40 / 45 / 50 Active: Zed creates a Shadow that dashes to the target location and remains there for 5. 25 seconds, being able to mimic Razor Shuriken and Shadow Slash regardless of range. Living Shadow can be recast while within range of the Shadow . Recast: Zed and the Shadow blink to swap places. If Living Shadow was recast while the Shadow is dashing, the recast will instead occur once it has been placed. If an ability is cast while the Shadow is dashing, it will cast that ability once it has been placed. See Pets for more details about Shadows. Living Shadow will cast at max range if cast beyond that. Link ▶️ "The shadows have enlightened me." Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Location / Auto Counters Grounded See Notes Zed gains a buff for 5. 25 seconds that indicates and determines the duration in which he may recast Living Shadow . The buff is granted briefly after Living Shadow is cast. If cast at minimum distance, the buff and the Shadow's individual durations will effectively start at the same time. If cast at greater than the minimum distance, then the buff's duration will start before the Shadow's duration. The passive will grant its energy refund at rank 1 even if Living Shadow hasn't been learned yet. The energy refund is not granted if the mimicked ability is blocked by a spell shield . Living Shadow cannot be recast while grounded or rooted . If Living Shadow is recast during Razor Shuriken , Zed will instantly release the shuriken from his original position while still remaining in cast time, and the Shadow will release the shuriken based on Zed's remaining cast time. (bug) The Shadow will cast Shadow Slash independently of being in Razor Shuriken's cast time or not. (bug) Zed will swap places with the Shadow by all means if he buffers Living Shadow's recast during its dash. (bug) Living Shadow cannot be recast while Zed is marking his target with Death Mark , but may still be recast if it was buffered. (bug) If Zed casts Living Shadow while a non- Death Mark Shadow is already present, the previous Shadow will instantly disappear. Shadows will not disappear when Zed dies. (bug) Map-Specific Differences Arena differences edit Cooldown changed to 16 / 15. 25 / 14. 5 / 13. 75 / 13 seconds. Edit Shadow Slash Shadow Slash COST: 40 energy COOLDOWN: 5 / 4. 5 / 4 / 3. 5 / 3 CAST TIME: none EFFECT RADIUS: 315 / 290 Active: Zed slashes to deal physical damage to nearby enemies. Physical Damage: 65 / 90 / 115 / 140 / 165 (+ 65% bonus AD) Enemies hit by a Shadow's slash are slowed for 1. 5 seconds, with multiple slashes dealing no additional damage but the slow's effectiveness being increased by 50%. Slow: 20 / 25 / 30 / 35 / 40% Enhanced Slow: 30 / 37. 5 / 45 / 52. 5 / 60% Living Shadow's current cooldown is reduced by 2 seconds for each enemy champion hit by Zed's slash. Hide Details Info Targeting input Auto Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Physical Counters Spell shield See Notes Spell shield will only block one Shadow Slash even if two hit at the same time, the slow will not apply regardless. Shadow Slash does not interrupt attack, movement, or cast commands. Edit Death Mark Death Mark COOLDOWN : 120 / 100 / 80 CAST TIME: none TARGET RANGE: 625 EFFECT RADIUS: Global Active: Zed becomes untargetable and, after 0. 6 seconds, he dashes 125 units through the target enemy champion over 0. 35 seconds. Afterwards, he becomes targetable again, renders them Marked for Death for 3 seconds, and gains ghosting for the same duration. Zed also spawns a Shadow at his casting position for 9 seconds which is able to mimic Razor Shuriken and Shadow Slash regardless of range. Death Mark can be recast after 0. 5 seconds of his reappearance while the Shadow is active, though not in the last 1. 25 seconds of its duration. Marked for Death: Zed stores a portion of all pre-mitigation physical damage and magic damage he and his Shadows deal to the target, detonating at the end of the duration to deal physical damage . Physical Damage: 100% AD (+ 25 / 40 / 55% of damage dealt) Recast: Zed and the Shadow blink to swap places. If the target dies or is 1950 or more units away before the dash begins, Death Mark is cancelled, goes on a 0. 5 -second cooldown, and Zed reappears at the cast location. The Shadow spawned also disappears. Link ▶️ Zed chuckles. Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Unit / Auto Damage type Type Sub-type Spell damage Physical Counters Spell shield Grounded Knockdown See Notes Disabled See Notes Zed gains a buff for 7. 5 seconds that indicates and determines the duration in which he may recast Death Mark . The buff is granted on-cast and lingers for 0. 25 seconds after it expires. The Shadow is spawned the moment Death Mark is cast. Zed will track the target if they change locations. He will dash through the target's previous location while still applying the mark if they are 2200 or more units away. Zed will be ordered to basic attack his target after reappearing. Death Mark's stored damage derives from all basic attacks , abilities , items , runes and buffs . Death Mark's Shadow is functionally the same as a regular one, but it lasts longer and can be swapped to regardless of range. The range at which it mimics Zed's abilities does not change. The mark can be prevented by becoming untargetable before it is applied (untargetability after application will not prevent the mark's detonation). Spell shields will only block the mark's application. They will not prevent Zed from initiating the cast nor block the detonation from a mark that is already applied. If Zed dies during Death Mark , the ability will cancel instantly and he will reappear at his current location. The cooldown is not compensated. If he enters resurrection before the dash, Death Mark does not cancel. If he enters it while dashing, the dash is interrupted. If the dash is interrupted, Zed stops, places himself to the ground (ends all displacements affecting him, but does not remove airborne effects), and reappears prematurely at his current location. The mark will still be applied regardless. Zed will remove airborne effects from himself immediately upon starting the dash. Once Zed begins the dash , two Shadows will also appear to be dashing through his target, each one spawning a certain distance behind the target (from the right and left). These shadows do not mimic abilities and disappear immediately after they stop dashing but they grant sight of their surroundings. These shadows have a tracking distance of 2200 and a dash speed of 1750. Death Mark does not cancel if the target enters a zombie state before the dash begins. If the mark's post-mitigation damage is higher than the target's current health, a spinning shuriken will appear above the victim. This does not necessarily mean the target will die, as it does not consider shields or forms of damage modifiers that are not respected by this predictive calculation. The indicator shown in-game (base skin) . This following table refers for interactions while Zed is in Death Mark : Attacking Disabled Abilities Disabled Movement Disabled Items Usable N/A Disabled All items are disabled Interrupted by N/A Consumables Disabled Spells Usable Barrier Clarity Cleanse Exhaust Ghost Heal Ignite Smite Disabled Flash Teleport Recall Hexflash Mark Dash Interrupted by N/A Interrupted by Death, unless protected by Resurrection Map-Specific Differences One for All differences edit Enemies can only have a single Death Mark on them at a time. Subsequent Death Marks will delete any previous marks, removing all accumulated damage and preventing the detonation. Individual Death Marks will track the damage dealt by any Zed . Arena differences edit Damage stored changed to 30 / 45 / 60%. Pets [ ] Shadow Statistics Sight radius 700 Control type Mimics Razor Shuriken and Shadow Slash whenever Zed casts them, regardless of the range between each other. Target type Minion ( untargetable ) Abilities Mimic The Shadow casts Razor Shuriken and Shadow Slash whenever Zed does. It fires Razor Shuriken towards the same targeted location. If it hits a mimicked ability on the same target as Zed or another Shadow does, a portion of Zed's energy is restored. Mimicked Shadow Slashes slow enemies hit briefly. Multiple slashes do not deal additional damage, but the slow's strength is increased. Mimicked abilities: Store damage dealt on Death Mark . Do not count as ability activations for the purposes of on-cast effects such as Force Pulse's passive. Are considered separate casts when they hit the same target (e.g. for the purposes of Electrocute , Phase Rush , Eclipse , etc). Shadow Swap The Shadow can swap its position with Zed whenever he recasts either Living Shadow or Death Mark , depending on which ability it was summoned from. Zed may only swap places with a Shadow once. Shadow Limitation The Shadow disappears as soon as another Shadow is summoned by the same ability it spawned from. Only 1 Shadow each from Living Shadow and Death Mark may be active at a time. General Zed always has an arrow next to him pointing in the direction of his Shadows . It has three different colors, each one symbolizes important information about the specific Shadow . They are only visible to Zed . Two arrows point toward the corresponding Shadows . A green arrow (blue in colorblind mode) indicates the Shadow can be swapped places with. A yellow arrow indicates the Shadow is about to disappear. A red arrow (orange in colorblind mode) indicates the Shadow cannot be swapped places with. Champion skins [ ] This article section only contains champion skins. For all associated collection items, see Zed (Collection) . Original View in 3D 880 13.11.2012 Utterly ruthless and without mercy, Zed is the leader of the Order of Shadow, an organization he created with the intent of militarizing Ionia’s magical and martial traditions to drive out Noxian invaders. During the war, desperation led him to unlock the secret shadow form—a malevolent spirit magic as dangerous and corrupting as it is powerful. Zed has mastered all of these forbidden techniques to destroy anything he sees as a threat to his nation, or his new order. Donny Lucas Pan Chengwei Loot eligible Shockblade View in 3D 975 13.11.2012 An elite operative of the Shockblade order, Zed dives into battle with lightning-fast lethality. Though his former partner Shen hasn't forgiven himself for nearly getting Zed killed, Zed still urges him to return to the front lines; and yet the Storm rages on, whether or not the duo are reunited. Zed will bring its fury to bear alone if he must. Donny Lucas Michal Ivan, Puppetworks Animation Studio Shockblade Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Shockblade Zed Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Emerald Rose Quartz Ruby SKT T1 View in 3D 750 04.05.2014 Honoring Faker's winning performance as Zed during the 2013 World Championship. Donny Lucas Bo Lu World Champions: 2013 Loot eligible Legacy PROJECT View in 3D 1350 07.09.2015 Rising from the Command Line, Zed is a leader within PROJECT's counter-espionage units. He seeks out the G/NETIC rebels with split high frequency blades and molecular “solid smoke” projectors, favoring close-proximity and multiple angle target laceration. Donny Lucas Jason Chan PROJECT Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas PROJECT: Zed Chromas Reckoning Worlds 2016 View in 3D 975 25.09.2016 Celebrating Worlds 2016 in North America. Donny Lucas Alex 'alexplank' Flores World Championship Loot eligible Legacy New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Worlds 2016 Zed Chromas Golden Death Sworn View in 3D 1350 25.10.2017 Having lived his life in the shadows, Zed's eventual return from the dead should have come as no surprise to anyone. A master of unliving darkness, he is only too happy to spend all eternity spilling mortal blood, as one of the Death Sworn. Donny Lucas Kelly Aleshire Death Sworn Loot eligible Legacy New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Galaxy Slayer View in 3D 1820 18.04.2019 Zed was a promising Templar before he became host to the hivemind of ora and imbued with its alien essence. Able to morph his body into living weapons, he now sees himself as the perfect life form, deserving of all ora and destined to cleanse the galaxy of the weak. Donny Lucas Esben Lash Rasmussen Odyssey Loot eligible New voiceover New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Transforming Chromas Galaxy Slayer Zed Chromas Emerald Merc Mythic Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire PsyOps View in 3D 1350 17.09.2020 Known as the “Gas Can Man” in paramilitary circles, Zed is an infamous mercenary picked up by the Black Rose Group during one of their covert actions. His psionic powers are tied to a mysterious oil-like substance he ingests through his mask, allowing him to duplicate himself for assassinations and open combat. Donny Lucas David Villegas, West Studio Black Rose Group Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas PsyOps Zed Chromas Emerald Hunter Obsidian Ruby Sandstone Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Prestige PROJECT View in 3D Special 24.06.2021 Faced with imminent defeat at the hands of Mordekaiser and the numberless hordes of infected machines, Zed seeks out a dilapidated research facility in the heart of the wasteland, searching for illegal and potentially dangerous upgrades. His return may mark a tipping point in the battle for the City… though he has transformed into something beyond both human and machine. Donny Lucas Unknown artist PROJECT Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall This skin is a variant of PROJECT . Store variants are discounted for multiple purchases. Debonair View in 3D 1820 09.12.2021 The most powerful (and powerfully dressed) man in Nox Vegas, Zed has been dabbling in more than fancy parties and cutthroat dealmaking. A new crowd from Crime City has entered his inner circle, granting this debonair gentleman an unbreakable stranglehold over the strip… and a dreadful new change in both mind and body. Donny Lucas Edward Chee, West Studio Debonair Loot eligible New voiceover New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Transforming Chromas Debonair Zed Chromas Catseye Cerulean Club Emerald Obsidian Ruby Tanzanite Empyrean View in 3D 1350 03.11.2022 The Foreglow is a power many desire, but Zed resents how it exposes him. His is a strength born from darkness, away from prying eyes. Perhaps in the fallen Husk realm left in Pyke's wake can he build a new domain of shadows, one that no Empyrean can topple. Donny Lucas Jiunn Kuo, West Studio Empyrean Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Empyrean Zed Chromas Amethyst Catseye Emerald Neon Flare Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Immortal Journey View in 3D 1350 16.08.2023 When Zed became immortal and began studying the other realms, a new desire took hold: knowledge was everywhere, so he needed to BE everywhere. Upon discovering his explorations, the Grounded Foresight School banished him. Zed doesn't care, though, for he's found a new demonic power, allowing him to be everywhere and all-knowing. Donny Lucas Pandart Studio Immortal Journey Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Immortal Journey Zed Chromas Amethyst Catseye Emerald Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Patch history [ ] For the expanded patch notes, see here Trivia [ ] Zed is one of 20 champions without a single ability power ratio on any ability: Aatrox , Camille , Darius , Dr. Mundo , Draven , Garen , Kayn , Kled , Naafiri , Nilah , Olaf , Pyke , Riven , Samira , Sett , Talon , Urgot , Xayah , and Yone . Zed's dance was inspired [2] by various martial arts (the animator is a black belt ). Zed is the first champion to not actually 'die', instead he drops into a shadow portal (Shockblade Zed disappears after struck by a lightning bolt) . The second is Ekko , who rewinds time. Willump does die, but Nunu does not. Zed, Sona , Garen and Vi were targeted by Jhin in his teaser. After Zed was shot , his champion icon on his League of Legends page and the champion list was updated to a gif with petals blowing past him. Zed is the fifth champion to use energy as a resource for abilities (the others being Akali , Kennen , Lee Sin and Shen ). Before the release of Galaxy Slayer Zed and Pulsefire Shen , neither him nor Shen reveal their faces in any of their skins, unlike Akali ( All-star , Nurse , Blood Moon ) and Kennen ( Karate , M.D. ). Zed and Lucian perform the 'airplane arms' run when having very high movement speed. Razor Shuriken , Living Shadow , and Shadow Slash respectively mirroring Thundering Shuriken , Shadow Dash , and Crescent Slash , as well as Death Mark , Assassin's Mark , and Mark of the Storm marking their targets reference Zed having been a Kinkou Order member. Death Mark was conceived with spawning two Living Shadows and was animated accordingly on release. Clicking one of the Living Shadows during Death Marks animation used to display Akali's portrait. This could only be done while spectating in slow motion as his shadows in an actual game were just simply too fast to be clicked on. It was removed after the new HUD came in 2015 and replaced the old one. Zed and his enemy counterpart could theoretically increase their AD infinitely with Reaper of Shadows by alternating killing each other, before it was removed from the game in V9.4 . Zed used to gain the 'Law of Inverse Ninja Strength' cosmetic Easter egg debuff ( "This unit is a flippin' ninja!" - "Ninjas are more effective when they work alone. For every Ninja on your team beyond yourself, you lose 1 health." ) when he, Akali , Kennen , and/or Shen found themselves on the same team. It was removed in V3.14 for unknown reasons. At 23 August 2018 players who selected "Assassin" as their favorite class rated Zed 27% higher than the other assassins as "One of my favorite champions". This difference is the largest for a champion by class. [3] See also [ ] League of Legends Wiki | Champions Cancelled Champions Ao Shin Avasha Averdrian CeeCee Cyborg Cowboy Eagle Rider Gavid Husk Iron Engineer Ivan Omen Priscilla Rob Blackblade Seth Tabu Tiki Urf Well References [ ] ↑ Zed's profile page at LeagueOfLegends.com ↑ Zed's dance is officially my favorite... here's why ↑ Riot Blaustoise Assassin data tweet