For its predecessor, see Zeke's Herald , and for its successor, see Zeke's Convergence . "You belong in a museum!" This article or section may contain obsolete information, but exists here for historical purposes. This item has been removed on patch V7.12 . Zeke's Harbinger edit Stats +50 ability power +10% cooldown reduction +30 armor +250 mana Active Unique – Conduit : Bind to the target allied champion. This will remove all Conduits from them (60 second cooldown). Passive Unique: While within 1000 units of your Conduit , you both generate 1 charge every second. Generate 8 charges from spell casts and 4 charges from basic attacks. Your Conduit also generates 4 charges from their spell casts and 2 charges from their basic attacks. At 100 charges, dealing damage grants you and your Conduit 20% increased ability power and 50% critical strike chance for 8 seconds. Lose all charges if you are no longer in range of your Conduit or hold 100 charges for longer than 5 seconds. Limitations Limited to 1 Zeke's Harbinger . Recipe + + + 380 Cost Sell ID 2250 1575 3050 Availability Menu Magic>Mana Defense>Armor Magic>Ability Power Magic>Cooldown Reduction Attack>Critical Strike Zeke's Harbinger was a legendary item in League of Legends . Recipe Zeke's Harbinger 2250 ( 380 ) Glacial Shroud 900 ( 250 ) Sapphire Crystal 350 Cloth Armor 300 Amplifying Tome 400 Amplifying Tome 400 Cost Analysis Gold Value 30 armor = 600 250 mana = 350 10% cooldown reduction = 266. 67 50 ability power = 1087. 5 Total Gold Value = 2304. 17 Gold efficiency Zeke's Harbinger's base stats were 102. 41 % gold efficient. Similar items Ardent Censer Iceborn Gauntlet The Black Spear Knight's Vow Strategy Zeke's Harbinger is made for duo lane , with the support having this item. It provides stats that are useful for this role: Cooldown reduction , ability power , mana , and armor . While nearby, the Conduit and the support will both generate charges. Upon reaching 100 charges, you can activate the passive to grant the both of you 20% increased AP and 50% critical strike chance for 5 seconds. Conduit gains 4 charges per attack. Conduit gains 8 charges per ability. In most cases, the increased AP will mostly be useful on the support , granting additional damage and/or better shield / heal . And the critical strike chance will mostly be useful to the ADC , even though 50% critical strike chance on a support might be useful somehow. Trivia Zeke's Harbinger is named after a character from the webcomic as a reward for the creator Tim Buckley gaining over 1000 referrals. Zeke's Harbinger is the third iteration of a supportive aura item. Its ancestral origin is Stark's Fervor which was remade into Zeke's Herald and then replaced by it before being developed into its modern form as Zeke's Convergence . Development The Conduit is denoted by the pair of arrows underneath Sona and Miss Fortune . In trying to balance auras, not only do you have to account for the super-strong case (five friends stacked up together) but, on the flip side, you've also got to be thinking about the times when it's just you and a buddy. Keeping an aura balanced for both cases is often a difficult challenge and, even if we can solve for that, usually leaves us wondering how to add satisfying gameplay beyond... an aura. This was the first reason we decided to take on a Zeke's Herald remodel when bringing more support itemization to the scene. We wanted to build a high-impact “let's get some hurt in the mix" item that still identified itself as a support tool. Like how Mikael's is the item you buy when you know there's one mate you need to protect, Zeke's Harbinger should be the aggressive counterpart for when you want to smack some faces. As an additional goal here, we really wanted to amp up the satisfaction for the support – something that the old Zeke's Herald suffered from (unless you really liked auras, we won't deny that). An activated Conduit is shown with both champions glowing bright gold. Why not just make a new item and leave Zeke's in? We very lightly poked this topic with Runeglaive but might as well address it now. Beyond the issue of leaving an extremely difficult to balance item in the game (particularly one that is relatively weak until the "right" team comp taps into it [and then it becomes very, very strong]), when something becomes so niche in its optimal use it can quickly become a trap item for players believing all items (and item premiums) were created equal. We do want to support the ability for players to make smart, contextualized decisions based on the state of the game, but can't do so by leaving really specialized things lying around. Instead, our hope is to either focus an item so that it becomes a clear choice for a broad enough set of champions (see: Black Cleaver ) or we can normalize and push out a wider swathe of options that are actually supportive of Good Decisions (see: our ability power item changes). 