Games Universe • League of Legends • Teamfight Tactics • Legends of Runeterra Image Zilean Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Zilean the Chronokeeper Release date 2009-04-18 Last changed V13.22 Class(es) Specialist Legacy Support Mage Position(s) Support Middle Resource Mana Range type Ranged Adaptive type Magic Store price 1350 | 585 Crafting + 810 Ratings Damage 2 Toughness 1 Control 2 Mobility 2 Utility 3 Style Difficulty Zilean is a champion in League of Legends . [1] Gameplay • Cosmetics • Audio • Development • Patch History • History • Trivia Base statistics Zilean Edit Health 574 +96 Mana 452 +50 Health regen. (per 5s) 5.5 +0.5 Mana regen. (per 5s) 11.35 +0.8 Armor 24 +5 Attack damage 52 +3 Magic resist. 30 +1.3 Crit. damage 175% Move. speed 335 Attack range 550 Attack speed Base AS 0.658 Attack windup 18% AS ratio 0.625 Bonus AS +2.13 % Missile speed 1500 Unit radius Gameplay radius 65 Selection radius 135 Pathing radius 35 Acq. radius 550 Special statistics ARAM Nexus Blitz One For All URF Ult Spellbook Arena Damage Dealt +5% Damage Received -5% Ability Haste +10 Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +5% Damage Received -5% Damage Dealt +5% Damage Received -10% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Abilities [ ] Edit Time in a Bottle Time in a Bottle STATIC COOLDOWN: 120 TARGET RANGE: 875 Innate: Zilean generates 2 / 3. 5 / 5 / 6 / 12 (based on level) experience (does not count towards his own level up ) every 5 seconds. Time in a Bottle is on cooldown when the game starts and becomes disabled when Zilean reaches level 18. When he has enough to level up an allied champion , he can select them to channel for 1. 2 seconds after a 0. 5 -second cast time . The channel is interrupted and disabled upon entering combat with enemy champions or taking damage from turrets , placing it on a 10-second cooldown . If Zilean interrupts it himself, it is placed on a 1-second cooldown, increased to 2 if he used a basic attack against a turret to do so. A successful channel levels up the target and rewards Zilean the same amount of experience for himself as well. Hide Details Info Targeting input Unit Target out-of-range override Walk in range of the target Counters Disruption Interrupted Zilean has a hidden passive that grants him 1 ability power for every enemy Volibear within 800 range of him. Likewise, Volibear gains 1 armor for every nearby Zilean . Neither Volibear nor Zilean need sight of one another to gain these bonuses. Time in a Bottle marks allied champions with two circles beneath them; the inner one represents how close they are to leveling up, turning golden when able to activate Time in a Bottle on them. The target allied champion is not required to be out of combat to be leveled up by Time in a Bottle - only Zilean is. Zilean only consumes the amount of experience required to level up an allied champion. He retains the excess for later use. The target allied champion is not required to be within range of Zilean for the channel to complete successfully, it will complete regardless of if they move to a far distance. The channel from Time in a Bottle is not interrupted even if the allied champion suddenly levels up. However, no experience will be granted to either player, and the passive will not go on cooldown. The following table refers for interactions while Zilean is channeling : Type Channel Attacking Interrupts Abilities Interrupts Movement Interrupts Items Usable Shurelya's Battlesong Youmuu's Ghostblade Randuin's Omen Disabled Hextech Rocketbelt Interrupted by All item-actives not specified above interrupt Consumables Usable Spells Usable Barrier Clarity Cleanse Exhaust Ghost Heal Ignite Smite Disabled N/A Interrupted by Flash Teleport Recall Hexflash Interrupted by Death Cast-inhibiting effects Edit Time Bomb Time Bomb COST: 60 / 65 / 70 / 75 / 80 Mana COOLDOWN: 10 / 9. 5 / 9 / 8. 5 / 8 CAST TIME: 0. 25 TARGET RANGE: 900 COLLISION RADIUS: 140 EFFECT RADIUS: 350 Active: Zilean throws a ticking time bomb to the target location that grants sight of its surroundings. The bomb will attach itself to units that move within the epicenter, or those hit directly, revealing them. After 3 seconds, or when the attached unit dies, the bomb explodes to deal magic damage to nearby enemies. Magic Damage: 75 / 115 / 165 / 230 / 300 (+ 90% AP) The bomb detonates immediately if another bomb attaches itself to the same unit, stunning nearby enemies for a duration. Stun Duration: 1. 1 / 1. 2 / 1. 3 / 1. 4 / 1. 5 Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Location Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Magic Counters Spell shield Projectile Blocked Blocked Time Bombs landing directly on top of multiple units follow a priority order for whom to attach themselves to. Units already carrying a bomb Enemy champions Allied champions Enemy minions Allied minions Time Bombs are not visible to enemies if they attach to an ally that is stealthed and vice versa. When Time Bomb snaps onto an enemy, it  deals 0 proc damage . This triggers in-combat effects such as drawing turret aggro and drawing monster aggression . It also triggers Sudden Impact and applies Elixir of Sorcery . It does not trigger Cheap Shot , however, as proc damage doesn't trigger Cheap Shot . Zilean can detonate an enemy counterpart's Time Bomb by placing his own on the same unit (the first bomb still deals damage). Time Bomb will be dispelled if the holder takes fatal damage and is saved by resurrection before it explodes. Time Bomb can deal damage to the enemy holder through untargetablility . Spell shield will prevent the application of Time Bomb and it's detonation damage as well as block the stun , but not it's immediate detonation if the target already has a Time Bomb on them. Map-Specific Differences Ultra Rapid Fire differences edit Stun duration reduced by 0. 6 seconds. Cooldown changed to 18 / 17. 1 / 16. 2 / 15. 3 / 14. 4 seconds. Arena differences edit Base damage changed to 100 / 165 / 230 / 295 / 360. Edit Rewind Rewind COST: 35 Mana COOLDOWN: 14 / 12 / 10 / 8 / 6 CAST TIME: none Active: Zilean reduces the remaining cooldowns of Time Bomb and Time Warp by 10 seconds each. Either Time Bomb or Time Warp must be on cooldown to cast this ability . Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Auto No additional details. Map-Specific Differences Ultra Rapid Fire differences edit Cooldown changed to 25. 2 / 21. 6 / 18 / 14. 4 / 10. 8 seconds. Edit Time Warp Time Warp COST: 50 Mana COOLDOWN: 15 CAST TIME: none TARGET RANGE: 550 Active: Zilean applies Time Warp to the target champion which lasts for 2. 5 seconds. Time Warp: If the target is an ally, they gain bonus movement speed . If the target is an enemy, they are slowed . Movement Speed Modifier: 40 / 55 / 70 / 85 / 99% Hide Details Map-Specific Differences Info Targeting input Unit Target out-of-range override Walk in range of the target Counters Spell shield Projectile Blocked Not Blocked No additional notes. Map-Specific Differences One for All differences edit The movement speed boost stacks if Time Warp is cast on the same target more than once by other sources . Edit Chronoshift Chronoshift COST: 125 / 150 / 175 Mana COOLDOWN: 120 / 90 / 60 CAST TIME: none TARGET RANGE: 900 Active: Zilean places a protective time rune on the target allied champion or himself for 5 seconds. If the target takes fatal damage within the duration, they enter resurrection for 3 seconds, becoming invulnerable , untargetable , and unable to act . Afterwards, they revive while being healed . Heal: 600 / 850 / 1100 (+ 200% AP) Link ▶️ Buff SFX Link ▶️ Revive SFX Hide Details Info Targeting input Unit Target out-of-range override Walk in range of the target Upon trigger, Chronoshift places all summoner spells that are not already on cooldown on a 3-second cooldown . Chronoshift's untargetability does not destroy in-flight projectiles . Chronoshift cannot target clones . Chronoshift takes priority over all other resurrection effects as well as all zombie state effects. Chronoshift does not activate if the target is killed by the Nexus Obelisk . While in resurrection, the target's health regeneration is set to 0. The target's screen will have a white tint. The following table refers for interactions while the target is unable to act: Attacking Disabled Abilities Disabled Movement Disabled Items Usable N/A Disabled All items are disabled Interrupted by N/A Consumables Disabled Spells Usable Barrier Clarity Cleanse Exhaust Ghost Heal Ignite Smite Disabled Flash Teleport Recall Hexflash Mark Dash Interrupted by N/A Interrupted by Death Champion skins [ ] This article section only contains champion skins. For all associated collection items, see Zilean (Collection) . Original View in 3D 585 17.04.2009 Once a powerful Icathian mage, Zilean became obsessed with the passage of time after witnessing his homeland’s destruction by the Void. Unable to spare even a minute to grieve the catastrophic loss, he called upon ancient temporal magic to divine all possible outcomes. Having become functionally immortal, Zilean now drifts through the past, present, and future, bending and warping the flow of time around him, always searching for that elusive moment that will turn back the clock and undo Icathia’s destruction. Unknown voice actor Esben Lash Rasmussen, Sixmorevodka Studio Loot eligible Old Saint View in 3D 520 23.12.2009 Though many Santas compete to give the most holiday cheer, Zilean's mastery over the flow of time lets him deliver huge numbers of presents in an instant. So far this has not created a reality-annihilating Snowdown paradox. Unknown voice actor Unknown artist Snowdown Showdown Loot eligible Legacy Groovy View in 3D 520 27.07.2010 Consistently in a near-comatose state from peering across the space-time continuum, Zilean's more recent hobbies include being terrible at hacky-sack, paying way too much for a ticket for awful music festivals, and ordering too many pizzas. He also owns New Age bookstore, which is closed most days. Unknown voice actor Unknown artist Day Job Loot eligible Shurima Desert View in 3D 975 08.09.2010 Unknown voice actor Unknown artist Chronicle Loot eligible New SFX/VFX Time Machine View in 3D 520 12.04.2011 Unknown voice actor Unknown artist Mad Scientists Loot eligible Legacy Blood Moon View in 3D 975 10.05.2015 Manipulating the lunar cycle by fueling his temporal magic with human blood, Zilean is the face of the Blood Moon cult, and a hellish warlock of unimaginable power. His mind exists across the flow of time, communing with legions of demons from the past, present, and future. Unknown voice actor Christian Fell Blood Moon Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Sugar Rush View in 3D 1350 17.12.2019 For most denizens of Candy Kingdom, there's never enough time to eat all the sweets. For Zilean, there's never enough candy to fill all the time. Unknown voice actor Horace 'Hozure' Hsu Sugar Rush Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Sugar Rush Zilean Chromas Aquamarine Citrine Meteorite Peridot Rose Quartz Ruby Sweet Tooth Winterblessed View in 3D 1350 08.12.2022 Sage Zilean bowed his head in supplication as he took the Hunter's place before the Aurora's judge. His request was for more power to help calm the spirits of his followers. As he talked, he was oblivious to the Aurora sheen of Polaris' hair flickering red as she watched his pronounced humility. Something was stirring inside her, a roiling winter storm. Unknown voice actor Exia Xiaotong, West Studio Winterblessed Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Winterblessed Zilean Chromas Citrine Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Turquoise Wreathguard Patch history [ ] For the expanded patch notes, see here Trivia [ ] The original icon for Time Bomb featured a soldier that was mirrored from the icon art of Jax's Grandmaster's Might . Zilean is one of the four champions with a single damaging ability ( Time Bomb ) the others being Bard ( Cosmic Binding ) Taric ( Dazzle ) and Tryndamere ( Spinning Slash ). Time Bomb is the only in-game ability to scale non-linearly per rank (75 / 40 / 50 / 65 / 70). Time in a Bottle references the eponymous song by Jim Croce . Zilean is the first champion to have a basic ability that cannot be ranked up at level 1 ( Rewind ) the second being Azir ( Conquering Sands , Shifting Sands ). Zilean's backstory resembles Slaughterhouse-Five by Kurt Vonnegut . See also [ ] League of Legends Wiki | Champions Cancelled Champions Ao Shin Avasha Averdrian CeeCee Cyborg Cowboy Eagle Rider Gavid Husk Iron Engineer Ivan Omen Priscilla Rob Blackblade Seth Tabu Tiki Urf Well References [ ] ↑ Zilean's profile page at LeagueOfLegends.com