Games Universe • League of Legends • Teamfight Tactics • Wild Rift Image Zyra Gameplay Collection Audio Patch history Past versions Zyra Rise of the Thorns Release date 2012-07-24 Last changed V14.3 Class(es) Catcher Legacy Mage Support Position(s) Support Resource Mana Range type Ranged Adaptive type Magic Store price 3150 | 790 Crafting + 1890 Ratings Damage 3 Toughness 1 Control 3 Mobility 1 Utility 1 Style Difficulty Champion Spotlight Zyra Champion Spotlight Zyra is a champion in League of Legends . [1] Gameplay • Cosmetics • Audio • Development • Patch History • History • Trivia Base statistics Zyra Edit Health 574 +93 Mana 418 +25 Health regen. (per 5s) 5.5 +0.5 Mana regen. (per 5s) 7 +0.8 Armor 29 +4.2 Attack damage 53 +3.2 Magic resist. 30 +1.3 Crit. damage 175% Move. speed 340 Attack range 575 Attack speed Base AS 0.681 Attack windup 14.583% AS ratio 0.625 Bonus AS +2.11 % Missile speed 1700 Unit radius Gameplay radius 65 Selection radius 120 Pathing radius 35 Acq. radius 575 Special statistics ARAM Nexus Blitz One For All URF Ult Spellbook Arena Damage Dealt -10% Damage Received +5% Ability Haste -20 Damage Dealt -5% Damage Received +8% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Damage Dealt +0% Damage Received +0% Abilities [ ] Edit Garden of Thorns Garden of Thorns STATIC COOLDOWN: 13 / 12 / 11 / 10 / 9 (based on level) EFFECT RADIUS: 900 Innate: Periodically, Zyra spawns one or two Seeds nearby that last for 30 seconds, granting sight over the surrounding area for 1 second. After 1 second, enemy champions can destroy Seeds by stepping on them. Zyra can only have a total of 8 Seeds planted at a time, preserving Seeds spawned by Rampant Growth over Seeds spawned by Garden of Thorns . Hide Details Info Targeting input Passive Zyra tries to plant Seeds in brush and not on top of walls. Zyra tries not to plant Seeds too close together and at different angles. Zyra does not plant any Seeds if she is concealed within a brush (unless there is an enemy ward in it, in which case it takes her a little longer to plant the Seed ) or when there is no room for additional ones. Zyra does not plant any Seeds if she is within 1400 units of the coordinate points (400, 400) or (14000, 14000), which are roughly at the center of the fountains on Summoner's Rift . These same coordinates may not hold as fountain positions on other maps (e.g. on the Arena map, the Magma Chamber area overlaps with the second exclusion radius) and may prompt the implementation of this behaviour to be changed in the future. (bug) Zyra tries to plant Seeds close to an enemy near her. PENDING FOR TEST: : Zyra tries to plant Seeds under enemy structures only if she is in basic attack range of them. PENDING FOR TEST: : Zyra tries to plant Seeds on the other side of the wall she is facing and/or standing right next to. PENDING FOR TEST: : Zyra tries to plant Seeds in the direction she is facing and/or moving. Zyra tries to plant Seeds near jungle path entrances. PENDING FOR TEST: : Zyra tries to plant Seeds behind herself when she is walking through the river and there are no jungle path entrances near her. Zyra tries to plant Seeds between herself and the enemy champion she has vision of (or is heading towards her) in a 45º angle to the left or to the right depending on where on lane she is standing. Zyra tries to plant Seeds against the inner walls of epic monster pits ( Dragon , Rift Herald , Baron Nashor ) Zyra has a hidden passive that grants her 10% increased size for 33 seconds after having Leona's Sunlight applied to her. Edit Deadly Spines Deadly Spines COST: 55 mana COOLDOWN: 7 / 6. 5 / 6 / 5. 5 / 5 CAST TIME: 0. 25 TARGET RANGE: 800 Active: Zyra sprouts thorny spines at the target location that appear after a 0. 625 -seconds delay, dealing magic damage to enemies hit. Magic Damage: 60 / 100 / 140 / 180 / 220 (+ 65% AP) If Deadly Spine hits a Seed , it sprouts into a Thorn Spitter that remains for 8 seconds. Hide Details Info Targeting input Location Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Magic Counters Spell shield Blocked Each Thorn Spitter will generate 2 stacks of Conqueror and 1 stack of each of Phase Rush and Electrocute . Edit Rampant Growth Rampant Growth COST: 1 Seed CAST TIME: none RECHARGE: 18 / 16 / 14 / 12 / 10 TARGET RANGE: 850 Active: Zyra plants a Seed at the target location that remains for 60 seconds and grants sight over the surrounding area, though decreasing in radius after 1 second. After 1. 5 seconds, enemy champions can destroy the Seed by stepping on it, which reveals them for 2 seconds. Zyra periodically stocks a Seed charge, up to a maximum of 2. Killing an enemy generates 35% charge toward a Seed , increased to 100% for large enemies and whenever scoring an enemy champion takedown . Hide Details Info Targeting input Location Counters Spell shield Not Blocked Upon first rank up, Rampant Growth gains 2 charges. Seeds are untargetable . Edit Grasping Roots Grasping Roots COST: 70 / 75 / 80 / 85 / 90 Mana COOLDOWN: 12 CAST TIME: 0. 25 TARGET RANGE: 1100 SPEED: 1150 Active: Zyra shoots a surge of vines in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit and roots them for a duration. Magic Damage: 60 / 95 / 130 / 165 / 200 (+ 60% AP) Root Duration: 1 / 1. 25 / 1. 5 / 1. 75 / 2 If Grasping Roots hits a Seed , it sprouts into a Vine Lasher , which remains on the battlefield for 8 seconds. Hide Details Info Targeting input Direction Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Magic Counters Spell shield Projectile Blocked Blocked This ability will cast from wherever the caster is at the end of the cast time. Zyra will be locked out of actions for 0. 15 seconds after casting Grasping Roots . Each Vine Lasher will generate 2 stacks of Conqueror and 1 stack of each of Phase Rush and Electrocute . Edit Stranglethorns Stranglethorns COST: 100 Mana COOLDOWN: 110 / 100 / 90 CAST TIME: 0. 25 TARGET RANGE: 700 EFFECT RADIUS: 500 Active: Zyra summons a monstrous thicket at the target location that deals magic damage to enemies hit as it expands. Magic Damage: 180 / 265 / 350 (+ 70% AP) After 2 seconds, the thicket snaps upward to knock up enemies within for 1 second. Plants hit by the thicket become enraged, restoring 50% of their current health , increasing their maximum health by 50% , gaining 25% increased size and refreshing their duration while the thicket expands. Additionally they attack in a flurry, launching two shots per attack, dealing 「 150% damage per flurry. 」 「 75% damage per shot. 」 Stranglethorns will cast at max range if cast beyond that. Hide Details Info Targeting input Location Damage type Type Sub-type Area damage Magic Counters Spell shield Blocked Plants grown during the 2 seconds prior to the displacement will also be enraged. Plants already grown before Stranglethorns is cast will have their duration refreshed if they are inside the area of effect. Stranglethorns' buff on Plants lasts 10 seconds, however the Plants normally die naturally after 8 seconds. Pets [ ] Thorn Spitter Vine Lasher Thorn Spitter Bounty Gold Exp CS 3 0 Statistics Health 8 / 12 Magic damage 20 − 88 (based on level) (+ 18% AP) Attack speed 0. 8 Range 575 Incoming damage modifier 1 from minions and monsters 1 from champion damage-over-time abilities 2 from large minion and monster basic attacks 3 from champion area-of-effect abilities 4 from epic monsters 5 from ranged champion basic attacks 8 from melee champion basic attacks 8 from champion single target abilities 8 from Smite 12 from turrets CC resist. Airborne Cripple Silence Mov. speed 0 Control type Zyra's basic attacks apply a refreshing, high-priority mark for 3 seconds against enemy champions , while Thorn Spitters apply a non-refreshing, lesser-priority one for the same duration. Thorn Spitters are static. Taunt sources (even if out of range) Most recently applied high-priority marks Nearest lesser-priority marks to Thorn Spitter Non-champions Zyra has most recently attacked Closest unit in range Target type Minion , does not count towards the minion kill tracking score On-hit effects Thorn Spitters' attacks are mitigated by block and dodge as well as stopped by Blind and Disarm . Spell effects Thorn Spitters' basic attacks apply spell effects as area damage . Protection A Thorn Spitter deals 50% damage if it is not the first plant to attack its target. Abilities Enrage Thorn Spitters becomes enraged if they are hit by Stranglethorns , resetting their duration, restoring 50% of their current health , increasing their maximum health by 50% and attacking in a flurry for 50% bonus damage. Monster Hunter Thorn Spitters deal 40 − 100 (based on level) bonus damage against non-epic monsters. Vine Lasher Bounty Gold Exp CS 3 0 Statistics Health 8 / 12 Magic damage 20 − 88 (based on level) (+ 18% AP) Attack speed 0. 8 Range 400 Incoming damage modifier 1 from minions and monsters 1 from champion damage-over-time abilities 2 from large minion and monster basic attacks 3 from champion area-of-effect abilities 4 from epic monsters 5 from ranged champion basic attacks 8 from melee champion basic attacks 8 from champion single target abilities 8 from Smite 12 from turrets CC resist. Airborne Cripple Silence Mov. speed 0 Control type Zyra's basic attacks apply a refreshing, high-priority mark for 3 seconds against enemy champions , while Vine Lashers apply a non-refreshing, lesser-priority one for the same duration. Vine Lashers are static. Taunt sources (even if out of range) Most-recently-applied high-priority marks Nearest lesser-priority marks to Vine Lasher Non-champions Zyra has most-recently attacked Closest unit in range Target type Minion , does not count towards the minion kill tracking score On-hit effects Vine Lashers' attacks are mitigated by block and dodge as well as stopped by Blind and Disarm . Spell effects Vine Lashers' basic attacks apply spell effects as area damage . A Vine Lasher deals 50% damage if it is not the first plant to attack its target. Abilities Ensnare Vine Lashers' attacks slow their target by 30% for 2 seconds. Slows from multiple Vine Lashers stack up to 2 times, stacking additively up to 60%. Enrage Vine Lashers become enraged if they are hit by Stranglethorns , resetting their duration, restoring 50% of their current health , increasing their maximum health by 50% and attacking in a flurry for 50% bonus damage. Monster Hunter Vine Lashers deal 40 − 100 (based on level) bonus damage against non-epic monsters. Garden of Thorns Render Rampant Growth Render Garden of Thorns Render (Dead) Rampant Growth Render (Dead) General [ ] Plants do not update their damage if Zyra levels up or changes her AP , but will trigger newly available spell effects. However the damage of in-air attacks update once a plant is hit by Stranglethorns or once the plant buffed by it dies. Champion skins [ ] This article section only contains champion skins. For all associated collection items, see Zyra (Collection) . Original View in 3D 880 24.07.2012 Born in an ancient, sorcerous catastrophe, Zyra is the wrath of nature given form—an alluring hybrid of plant and human, kindling new life with every step. She views the many mortals of Valoran as little more than prey for her seeded progeny, and thinks nothing of slaying them with flurries of deadly spines. Though her true purpose has not been revealed, Zyra wanders the world, indulging her most primal urges to colonize, and strangle all other life from it. Karen Strassman Katie 'TeaTime' De Sousa Loot eligible Wildfire View in 3D 975 24.07.2012 Once a forest nymph, Zyra was consumed by the Infernals' burning touch. Now, she seeks nothing more than to spread wildfire throughout the forests and valleys of her dying world. Karen Strassman Katie 'TeaTime' De Sousa Infernal Loot eligible New SFX/VFX Haunted View in 3D 1350 29.10.2013 The old cemetery is no place for stray trick-or-treaters. The twisted, dead undergrowth celebrates this season as well… but their roots run deep into the blighted earth, and their games too often prove deadly for the lost and afraid. Karen Strassman Christian Fell Trick-or-Treat Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall SKT T1 View in 3D 750 04.05.2014 Honoring PoohManDu's winning performance as Zyra during the 2013 World Championship. Karen Strassman Bo Lu World Champions: 2013 Loot eligible Legacy Dragon Sorceress View in 3D 1350 09.03.2017 Survivors of recent monster attacks tell stories of serpents in the sky and a powerful sorceress nesting deep in the mountains. If the rumors are true, it means the dragons have returned—and that this time, Zyra is breeding them. Karen Strassman Bo 'chenbowow' Chen Dragon World Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Coven View in 3D 1350 16.04.2020 They came to Zyra from the roots and rocks -- stirrings of the Night Dove, its beating wings twisting the very land that is its grave. Tied now to the whispers beneath the loam, she rips away humanity's works of stone and glass, each broken vestige another step towards a world returned to nature. Karen Strassman Jessica 'OwleyCat' Oyhenart Coven Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Coven Zyra Chromas Catseye Dark Ritual Emerald Obsidian Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Prestige Coven View in 3D Special 16.04.2020 The old gods stir, and rise once more to greet their sun -- but she is slain, devoured by the daughters of the eclipse. On this lightless day they will rage, and quake, and howl, so all men shall know their first and final doom. Karen Strassman Sanhua Chen, Kudos Productions Coven Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall This skin is a variant of Coven . Store variants are discounted for multiple purchases. Crystal Rose View in 3D 1350 11.02.2021 Born from a cutting of the Crystal Rose, Zyra wields her piercing thorns against any who seek to harm it. For this year's festival, she has agreed to attend in a social capacity, accompanying Swain as the Crystal Rose Festival's dual hosts. But her respect for his vision will not distract her from springing into action at the slightest hint of danger. Karen Strassman Clare Wong, West Studio Crystal Rose Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Crystal Rose Zyra Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Citrine Obsidian Pearl Peridot Rose Quartz Ruby Tiffany & Co. Crime City Nightmare View in 3D 1350 26.08.2021 Zyra was once a longtime associate of Graves and a skilled con artist, but grew dissatisfied with the monotony of a low-end criminal lifestyle. Seeing a way out, Zyra merged with the 4th-dimensional horrors from Beyond. She now follows the edicts of an alien power, ripping veins of sentient sludge from the earth and rending her enemies asunder. Karen Strassman Svetlana Tigai, West Studio Crime City Nightmare Loot eligible Voice filter New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Crime City Nightmare Zyra Chromas Amethyst Aquamarine Catseye Emerald Pearl Peridot Rose Quartz Ruby Underground Mythmaker View in 3D 1350 12.01.2023 Zyra is a spirit of the paper, haunting the scenery of “The Great Beast Galio” and watching the story unfold again and again. When the Lunar Players fall into the paper myth-world, Zyra's insatiable curiosity drives her to capture these newcomers, desperate to hold onto change and novelty in a world where the story always remains the same. Karen Strassman Sora Kim, West Studio Mythmaker Loot eligible Legacy New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Mythmaker Zyra Chromas Citrine Emerald Gilded Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Street Demons View in 3D 1350 13.09.2023 Zyra is a devil whose work speaks for itself. Famous enough to be known by a single-name moniker, she has captivated the people of Styxbridge with her elegant style and effortless grace. In Zyra's skilled hands, paint flowers across concrete and blooms in every alley, claiming each slice of the city as Zyra's own. Karen Strassman Foritis Wang, Pandart Studio Street Demons Loot eligible New SFX/VFX New Animations/Recall Chromas Street Demons Zyra Chromas Catseye Emerald Pearl Rose Quartz Ruby Sapphire Tanzanite Turquoise Patch history [ ] For the expanded patch notes, see here Trivia [ ] Zyra is voiced by Karen Strassman . [2] Cassiopeia , Fiora and Shyvana are also voiced by the same voice actress. She re-explores the plant-growing theme of the cancelled champion Gavid (his treant theme was re-explored with Maokai ). Bradford 'CertainlyT' Wenban hinted at Zyra having three hidden passives, later revealed to be: If Zyra kills either Karthus or Sion (or if one of them kills her) the killer receives 2 extra gold (references Plants vs. Zombies ) Maokai gets +1 movement speed if Zyra is on his team. Sunlight makes Zyra grow in size for a short time. Zyra's dance references Cha-cha-cha . Zyra is the fourth champion to have a dedicated Recall / Teleport animation. Rise of the Thorns (Zyra's first Innate) and Stranglethorns have a cyan hue in her ' Champion Spotlight '. Rampant Growth might be referencing the eponymous card from Magic: The Gathering . Enemies hit by Grasping Roots are applied the 'Rooted, literally' cosmetic debuff for the duration. Deadly Spines' tooltip describing Thorn spitters as 'shooting little friendliness pellets' references Undertale . During development she was called Izara , Xara , Xyra or Azalea , like the flower. [3] See also [ ] League of Legends Wiki | Champions Cancelled Champions Ao Shin Avasha Averdrian CeeCee Cyborg Cowboy Eagle Rider Gavid Husk Iron Engineer Ivan Omen Priscilla Rob Blackblade Seth Tabu Tiki Urf Well References [ ] ↑ Zyra's profile page at LeagueOfLegends.com ↑ Zyra's voice actress ↑ IronStylus on champion names